will you replay please.
Tell me the recepie of
The origins of the universe.
What year did Elvis die?
how does merriam webster define ultra?
Is it raining?
running train status to..
don't get this.
lower the brightness
provide contact location
Get me Osteen on sirius?
that's nice one, thank you, olly.
PDA, tell me a place that has snow now
reply to Patrick that I am on my way
it's cool, thank you very much.
PDA start a new list for me.
Do I need to do anything today?
Set alarm of Whole week morning 10 a. m. in april month
Give me the description of laptop circuit
start new lady gaga playlist
what a sunny day.
New exchange rate?
i am sorry but that's not the right response.
what was the last thing you said to me.
i am exhausted from work
i said that incorrectly.
would you check and confirm my last instruction please.
yes answer was confirmed.
Remind me to look at the pasta in 30 mins
you are my star, thank you very much.
Please play the following song
marry me
you have done it right thanks, olly.
you did the answer right.
show trains and time to Ny
Tell me time it is.
How much snow has Maine received as of today?
Please stop talking.
How will be the weather today in the evening
Please check the news on social media
thank you so much for listening.
What does diverse mean?
notify me about any festival occurring next month
How tall is Madonna?
What are my plans for the month of May?
Is there any events are in the local area?
Control lights.  Turn off room lights.
Open Sirius app and play the classical channel
can you delete that event on
How many cups in a quart?
Schedule my 'event' with 'person' at 'time' and 'place'
Play me the BBC radio podcast.
Email my mother.
How do you make spaghetti
Play the radio band with sports commentary
Set an alarm at 6 am.
Read that back
play the song by michael jackson
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon?
what the tube like to jersey PDA?
Send an email to Sharon.
Play the radio.
Alter Lunch Event to repeat every Friday
delete item on list
get that perfectly.
play rap music
set a meeting on the 20th oct 10:30 am
i am gonna need a bike today? (Cause its a holiday for busses)
it doesn't matter for me.
PDA: I've got $300 for the month, how much can I spend every day this month?
Remove vegetables from the list
have no idea about what to select.
PDA: I need a good chick-flick, any thoughts?
Order a smoked meat platter from Beanos
Set this before event
Please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
how do i get from my house to the target along i-40
Tell me about New York.
Olly Hackernews
you have gotten that perfectly.
What is the best hardware store near me?
What's the funniest joke you know?
what's the US dollar rate today?
I need you to book a taxi for me.
tell me how are the results of assembly elections in Delhi going to come out?
Google is my Thursday appointment with my dentist?
check my last question.
Don't let me forget Rover's vet appointment on the 25th.
definition of marketing
would you please check that.
Checkout top restaurant near me and order Shahi panner.
I would like to receive updates about the stock market every day.
Alexa write email.
Please play this playback on audiobook
What is the factorial of (9/3)?
What is exchance for the US and Euro
please post to jeff
what's the time in australia
Go the the station FM 96.5
delete the old playlist and create new
Please change the light colors to red.
Please rate this song <insert rating here>
temperature above avarage for this season
you rock, thank you very much.
PDA please search for local events
weather Fulton Missouri
What is the price of Starbuck's stock?
Hello, I want to go eat
show me my alarms i have set
Will you please show me my lists?
you've got my instructions exactly.
Change the living room light to yellow.
Add this item to the list
what is the event agenda
Please play the song Games by Disturbed
I have a deadline on Tuesday
that is not so clear.
Is there an alarm for 10am?
check weather
I want to know the timings of trains going to Delhi.
Please remind me to record the show House every Sunday at 9:00.
Can you make the room brighter?
yeah you've got command perfectly.
Obama- information
shit, i think you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Whats going on today
Find tacos near my home
please let's do it again.
stop wake-up calls for this week
When is my takeaway arriving?
This song was very good!
s1, rephrase what you've just said further to me.
Time in Chicago
Call Domino's Pizza
Play me the most popular podcast on iTunes.
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
do i have an email from person A.
Tell me how to cook steak
Please tell me who is going to win the NBA championsip
Tell me what's on my Holiday list.
yeah please.
Please inform me of any new status updates?
Set a 2-week reminder for for the 20th of every quarter beginning 3/20 to pay my HOA.
Stop after current song.
I'dl like to hear any classical, except for bach or schubert
replay the last utterance said.
yeap that was wonderful.
please play the song 'joy to the world'
Send an email to all my co workers
what events are happening today
I want you to go to hot 105 on the radio.
set a notification for june 5th every year
Get rid of bananas on the list
can you please check command.
how many times did ben email me
Remind me at 6 about the meeting at 7
Remind me I take mom to the hairdresser's Thursday at 11:00 am.
could you check and confirm it please.
i want you to confirm my last instruction please.
Alexa, tell me the exchange rate of 10 dollar to euro?
local news from bay news 9
let me know about election new.
yeap agreed.
Find the list you want to delete.
Olly, are there any events on my calendar for this week?
Let's see whats around, PDA.
Do I have a meeting this afternoon?
Do I have email from my work?
Clean the floor.
Olly, I need to hear Notorious Thugs by Bone Thugs now.
takeaway status
Who was the last person to email me ?
i do not care.
olly how do i make meatloaf
change volumne settings in the negative alexa
this was not clear to me.
What day of the week is Valentines on?
what is the subject of the last email sent to me by Q?
I need to know what reminders have not been deleted yet.
wait, i think this was not the correct answer.
activate silent
that was helpful,.
tell me the best exchange rate
Get me a Uber
book a cab in the evening  for me
Save my music preferences
Look up animal and give me the definition
Alexa, get me a train ticket to Chicago today.
When is Trumps next press conference?
could you please confirm the last thing i said.
Turn up the lights please.
turn on 89x for rock
Go silent until 3 pm.
shit, you have done wrong.
run radio 66.5
type something and post
do homework for me please!
can you tell me it once more.
give me the schedule for today's events
notes
Please send an email to Uncle John telling him that I will be there.
Recommend a movie with Justin Bieber.
Where is volume setting
What is
that wasn't what i expected.
Cheapest flights to Kansas City from Dallas
Read some more of the Daisy Goodwin book for me
Should i wear gloves tonight?
Is it going to rain today?
Where is the Bolshoi Theatre located?
remove file from list
Call the closest Mexican restaurant.
you didn't understand what i just said.
Get me the most recent news
What is the next Metro to DC?
i didn't quite catch that.
Olly, play a random podcast on my list.
What's the stock of Apple?
Show me the weather forecast for the next 3 three days
i need a good joke
Raise volume
What does Rumplestiltskin mean?
i would like you to check and confirm question please.
can you check what i said please.
hey olly what are some good job opportunities
what is the stock information of walmart
What's happening with the hurricane in the gulf?
send a notification to friend
i want to hear the last one you said again.
What is the birth year of Barack Obama
can you tell me the time right now?
What's the weather like in New York City?
Play a Nirvana playlist
Let me know when I am three days out from this event in my calendar?
thanks but i think you made a mistake.
I need to know the time?
Take off this list
do i need umbrella now
Open events. more info
Delete the next event on my calendar so that I don't see it again.
What is the time difference between here and <insert city>
I would like it to easily keep an inventory and tell me when I'm running low on something.
Is it raining in Boston
Find places to eat near my home.
Tell me about the current weather
Please tell me about the events in our area tonight
please clean the floor
that's fantastic, thank you.
your answer was not so clear to me.
your birth date
Whether I can  travel the whole world in a day ?
Tell me differences about cricket vs football
Delete the song What If in my music.
Make an order for Noodles 1 pack. make it as takeaway order
confirm the last thing said please.
What was George Eliot's first novel
When does the train from Kansas City to Iowa leave?
Olly do I have any emails from Robert
set event
What is the definition of god ?
RADIO KO ON KAR DO, ABHI ACHCHE ACHCHE SONG AA RAHE HONGE.
good assistants
Are trains on schedule at (specific location)?
Olly, find me a zoo or animal park in Chicago that open this weekend.
I can't hear you
Check stock price for Dinky Donuts.
meeting with Love the next day
how many (currency) in ____ usd
What's on your mind?
Please remove Dallas from my travel itinerary
Is the weather supposed to be nice today, PDA?
Olly you need to find an alternate route to my destination
tell me the hour
Will they deliver to me ?
i need to hear what i just said again.
what are the latest prices of the stocks
olly can you shut down please.
Who are the top-5 all-time NHL goal scorers?
show me new email
uh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
is there any affairs of ileana d'cruz
Yes or no. Tomorrows temperature is to be hot.
I would like to have a sushi, can you order me a lunch?
What is the next episode in the podpcast? Play it.
schedule a chat with Adam on Thursday afternoon
search for local shops
down the light power
What is the amount for train ticket booking?
Save my spotify preferences
Which shops can I find in Milan?
Show me the available colours of lights
Is Colombo on the coast of Sri Lanka?
What is London Time?
good response.
Olly, describe the computer to me?
What song is currently playing?
will you remind me of my next dentist appointment one day before?
that's not what i was looking for.
Start my favorite music
repeat this song three times.
well done, thank you.
I'd like to hear some oldies songs.
PDA, How much is a dollar in rupees
explain me further on what you have said please.
Make sure bread is on my grocery list
Where is George W. Bush from?
it is not so clear to me.
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
forward the mail to new e-mail address
Add five plus eighteen minus four please.
Olly, what are new drama movies opening this weekend
Is the road clear in Florida?
Please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
PDA look up this recipe for me
Search for the best spagetti recipe
remind me to start getting ready by 5 pm please
Play my music I have programmed.
Give me the train time
Call Pizza Hut and find out if my order is ready.
Rahul contact
Please crank up Huey Lewis and The News.
please will you shut up.
When is Jared Leto's birthday?
Please play a song by Bruno Mars.
i didn't ask for that answer.
read me the news from nsnbc alexa
check recent to do list
PDA, erase my appointment for March 7.
PDA book my next free day in the calender for me to get a haircut at Sally's.
COULD YOU PLEASE GIVE ME THE BIRTHDAY OF MAHATMA GANDHIJI?
Clear event
Cancel all my appointments.
can you clarify me about it further please.
How much is one serving of broccoli?
please clarify more on what you just said now to me.
oh no, you gave me incorrect information.
what are the lists I have?
What time is it, relative to New York?
What does my schedule look like after 3 p.m. today afternoon?
Can you mute when I am not home?
Play Musical Theater Soundtracks
How much is an euro worth?
what new mail says?
weather at the moment.
Olly, look up movies near me.
Are there any unread emails from Patrick?
Play next episode of Cashing In With TJ Miller
Status of my inbox.
Please book me for 2 pm and inform team members as well.
tell comcast i hate them
What's on the news today?
Tweet ... company to complain about
What are the news lately?
please further elaborate your response.
what is justin bieber's birthday?
Will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend?
Is it warm outside?
How much does General Tsos chicken cost a Peking Garden?
send email to Enalen, i'm going to send the files the next day.
thank you very much for doing that.
lessen the the light glow
could not understand your words.
unread emails
please send reply for that mail
Remind me of how many lists I have
I won't be getting an oil change for my car today
Have I got new content in my twitter feed
Just increase the volume a little.
remind me when i reach
i am sorry but i think you do not get me.
What's the capital of Kazakhstan?
What is the definition of a home run?
Please tell me what is the time in sanfranscio.
read new messages from my wife
What is the lowest population per square mile in Africa
I HAVE REPORT ANY OF THE PDA'S
send flowers to my gf
Olly, read me the most updated news on BBC
once again rephrase me on what you've said.
Investing
Add a meeting at the office with Brian for 3:00PM on Tuesday.
What time does Mondays meeting start?
is a peso worth more than a dollar
Do you feel emotions?
Olly please make ke a coffee
I want tickets to the sold out concert on Saturday night
please could you tell me one more time again.
What is the temperature right now in New York?
What are the coordinates of the equator?
turn off plug
What information do you capture about me?
can you once again clarify me on that please.
PDA queue up YMCA
What time does the first train depart from Chicago?
Remind me to take out the garbage at 6pm.
PDA, Look up...
Please describe the new Onkyo AV receiver
Remember Metallica selections for next time
Turn on favorite songs.
Change volume level to maximum.
Buy a train ticket for one week from now from New York, New York to Las Vegas Nevada
could you check and confirm what said.
help me to understand the meaning of this life
check and confirm what just said please.
would you clarify further on it to me please.
Tell me about Romance.
where does joe joe live
explain marketing
Put me in on Tuesday, the 21st at ten with Al
reply to johns email
calculate two multiplied by two
i wouldn't really know.
PDA, access pop playlist.
check email and what is the latest subject?
you did perfect work,.
can you shut off please.
Please set an alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow morning?
PDA, What is my schedule for June 14th 2017?
oops, you don't get answer right.
Delete the shopping list
will it be cold enough for mittens later tonight?
Please wake me up at 8 AM.
can you give me train times for ann arbor?
Please make coffee according to my earlier preferance
that's useful,.
what is <unk> euros in u. s. d.
Please increase volume
could you tell me once again please.
start the coffee machine
PDA please mark my calendar for a holiday in Cuba on April 2.
well done, i appreciate it.
i would like to continue my audiobook
find and play workout playlist
Answer Paul's email.
How many tablespoons in a cup?
I would like to reply to Sarah's email.
get a forecast about wind speed tonight
Next, play Summer Lovin'.
order travel ticket
Should I bring gloves with me tonight?
Play real racing 3 game
Please give me the date today?
What are you doing PDA?
Delete my dinner tomorrow.
make a coffee for me, olly
PDA, book me an Uber.
whatever is okay with me.
New message to newmail@gmail.com
humor me
Can we make steak with chicken
Start a reply to Marleen's most recent email.
What is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine?
Switch off main light
How busy is my schedule today?
Make the wemo go on
road traffic
search
what train companies are near me
go to ne mail compile
What's the latest news on today's State of the Union address?
thank you so much for reminding me of that.
Change this song to the first place
check and confirm that please.
Are there any pharmacy store nearby?
set my alarm for 7am
can you send email to my friend rohit which says 'I am busy tommorrow.'
can you confirm what i last said.
Whats needed to make pizza
using remote
Olly, create an alarm for today at ten a.m.
read out the XXX list
i want you check what i last said please.
i am sorry but this was incorrect answer.
could you please rephrase me about last sentence further.
convert 100 kilo to pound
you are awesome, thanks.
Set reminder for 2pm about my meeting.
Just let me know the area of the Asian continent
what's the latest on stock market?
list the  availables
what color are chairs
What is the weather outside
I want to send email to jack@gmail.com
your response was not so clear to me.
i think it is not the correct answer.
i can't quite catch up with you.
yeap that's wonderful.
Play me something <insert genre>
i am not clear about your words.
weather report now
Where is the alps located
i intended to do it
Good Morning, Vietnam!
what will be the temperature out there tomorrow?
could you shut up please.
I would love to hear more songs by that artist
does not matter for me.
What does a million raised to a million called?
keep reading
olly, play next recording
What is 10 divided by 5
What do I need to pick up at the grocery store?
can you tell me your last things spoke once more please.
how much is the us dollar worth in canada?
Olly, compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better.
Please check the trending topics on Twitter.
What is the answer
How hilly is it in Sacramento?
can you check and confirm that.
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
transcribe email <unk>
Is it going to be nice tomorrow?
Remove my meeting today at 1:00 P.M.
Latest TV show news
appreciate your helps, olly.
s1, could you please rephrase me more on what you said.
Please turn off my alarm for this evening
Block one hour from 10 tomorrow morning.
Play AFI's fourth album
Repeat the song playing now
attend party before the meeting
What does a basketball feel like?
what is the date and month today
I need the volume to be (louder/quieter)
When is *** playing?
nope, that is not what i asked.
Can you turn MSNBC on in the car?
yes excellent response.
do I have anything going on tonight?
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
PDA please set a meeting to discuss terrorism with Fred on the next available meeting day.
Give me directions for the place
How is the day outwards
look for free time
Remind me at this time.
go to radio
oops, you have understood me incorrectly.
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to Jaisalmer.
Turn on the oldies playlist on my radio
no please search some more.
Speak louder please.
olly i will talk to you later on.
What time will it rain tomorrow?
i did not understand your words.
no, i think you did not get this right.
Resume play on my most recent audiobook selection.
Change my house lights colour to blue
what are the top 20 jazz hits
you have done that right thank you very much, olly.
olly make me happy
how much is the average house
Are there any cooking classes nearby my area?
Please play songs I've purchased and favorited.
I do not like these colours in the house
s1, please would you clarify me more on this.
CNN Headlines
Give me the time in PST
How will be the Forex business today
What is going on right now on twitter?
I need to meet with debby tomorrow alexa
Please could you tell me if George's Geek restaurant, can I order takeaway from there?
Send Mom an email about the upcoming weather for the week.
you don't understand what i asked for.
i think you did the task incorrectly.
post this picture on twitter
Can you empty my calendar?
Mark this song as a favorite.
is there any new mail for me
HEY, I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND.
Tell company their service is bad
turn speaker volumne down alexa
How old is Kim Kardashian?
Start creating a new list
Do I have any unread emails from Chris Thompson?
please remind me my doctor appointment on 13th July?
how is the traffic at the moment?
Find a recipe for dinner tonight
well done, thank you, olly.
Where does Fred work?
Set a meeting with Phil every Wednesday for 5pm.
Alexa, provide information about Bill ? from my contact list
schedule for this weekend
yes you understood my instructions right.
Latest technologies/gadgets
could you shut down please.
change alarm to start at
Search for a train ticket to...
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
wait, it's not the correct command.
tell me the simple interest of 7000rs. with 2Ôäà interest in 2 year.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Ocho Rios, Jamaica?
best restaurant in local area
Before this event set notification
Go to sleep
What time will the soccer match be tonight?
Remind me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow
What is this person'should contact information?
play the last played audiobook
Send an email to my family telling them about my upcoming birthday plans
What kind of music am i into?
Add that song to my playlist.
What is 9 - 10
Definitions
The music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
remind me about
Find Twitter handle of Tom Cruise
Would you like to play a game?
What reminders do I have
retry that.
Remind me when it is lunchtime.
suggest me a good restaurant
Book a ride from New York to Orlando covering 10 places to see.
How many mountain ranges are there in the United States?
Where should I go eat tonight?
Please turn up the speaker volume
Pause the book
wooo!
Say a good joke for me right now
reply 'thank you' to john
Call a taxi for me
Calcualte ohm's law based on these values
please alert me to the time
Delete my appointment at one tomorrow.
What is email id of John.
define word
that's all, stop it.
alexa is the largest ocean in the world the pacific?
expenses
Please, check for new emails
Current time in Japan.
Find the sum of 13 and 14.
Alexa compose email.
can you please further clarify me about your answer.
no, thanks.
Change up the light colors at home.
Temp Oregon
Olly List saturday night events near current location.
What is a good joke?
Olly, book me a taxi to Leith in half an hour
Play volume 2 of Nutritional Facts
Tweet comcast and tell them their service is down again.
Why did gotse shoot Mahatma gandhi
May I ask you to remove next event from my calender
thank you for answers, olly.
Play the next podcast.
How much time is a train to there
wake me up on Friday at 5 in the morning, I need to catch the train
did you get detail correctly?
can you tell me what list i have?
Play the Bjork album I've heard the least.
Erase events.
Olly have i gotten any emails from mom lately?
respond to all that I am on my way
Ally, please play Pandora radio.
set an event 'happy birthday john' to repeat on 21-Jan-2017
Google set my alarm to go off in an hour.
Tell me how to get to Nubs Nob
please would you shut down.
put a repeating event on the calendar
Please remind me of all the NBA scores in a week
what was the first car made
Who build the Paris tower?
How many floors does the Empire State Building have?
Please show me any articles related to weather in the morning news.
Is there a need for sun glasses ?
I need the times for the South bound train on Allison RD
Has the budget been voted on yet?
Cortana, let me know when a next event if occurring from my calendar and send me a notification.
You want to know how my day went?
Olly, any fresh news on Brad Pitt?
PDA I need you to add Gary's email to my favorites.
remind me of my meeting on...
what movie can I watch tonight on the theater here in Boston?
olly would you just stop please.
could you please confirm the instruction.
Start my robot vacuum cleaner
PDA, play the radio for me.
uhh no, i think you have done task all incorrectly.
can u make coffee
What is the name of this musical group
Describe Heaven
Play some calming music for me
Repeat the e-mail for my brother.
Tell me the meetings I have for the week
Which is worth more? The US Dollar or the Euro?
What is the weather like outside? It is cloudy
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
what do you mean by it.
am i going to bring umbrella later?
What's the weather supposed to be like on Wednesday?
what is the meaning of life?
help me to understand why the seasons change
please clarify more on it to me.
Have I received any emails about Jared's birthday?
where is mt everest located
Did snap become public yet?
Playlist with the song 'Clementine '
s2, i was not clear about your answer.
What will be the highest temperature this week.
olly that's enough, just stop it.
search calendar and set meeting on January  25
What can I do in Berlin?
What lists are in my notebook?
your response is not clear.
Send email to Mom - Want to go shopping tomorrow?
describe the new football game rules
When can I expect my Chinese takeout from Fortune Garden?
set alarm 6 am
thank you so much for doing it.
remove the grocery list
cars
you are not correct.
Is Miley Cyrus married?
Has Cassie sent me any emails about Tom?
i'd like you just stop.
Please block <insert time and date information> on my schedule
go forward please
smsayyad1985@outlook.com
What is the echange rate between USD and CAD
how many minutes do I need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go?
Turn off the room lights.
Give me train times from station to location
play 93.5 fm
Remove item
Set a reminder for Tomorrow for meeting with Allen
show new emails from katey
olly will you shut up please.
LEARNING GAMES
this is not what i requested.
Please clear Jeff's birthday from the calendar.
on politics
could you tell me that information you just said once again.
will you check and confirm instruction.
Remind me to send email to boss after 1 hour
could you check it please.
Brighten up the room
how long will it take to drive to long beach
i want to hear the command spoken again.
What does durian taste like?
show albums of rihana
Go forward one episode.
Please see if Chili's has delivery.
Olly, please speak up.
olly i would like you just stop it.
How do i figure women out?
Remember that I do not like this music.
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
What is the home phone number of Mark?
Tweet Insight Cable's customer service and tell them I have been waiting on hold for 30 minutes.
What time does the dinner party start tonight?
Find a pizza restaurant open until noon
any lighting news emails
How much Philippine peso do I need to make $50?
Send a funny message to all of my friends
What events do I have coming up in my calendar?
Please update me the traffic status
i think you've done task all wrong.
play pandora
Prepare to send an outgoing reply message
Tell me economic stats
Open The New York Times app.
show me my social media notifications
How many Canadian Dollars are in a US Dollar?
Where is burmuda triangle
Olly, how tall is kanye west?
Remind me to read book next week
Reply to the email from my bank and inform them that I have paid the credit card dues.
joke me
Remind me about my anniversary in advance.
Send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
Remind me that I have a birthday party on the thirtieth.
Please provide the contents of the list
open gallery post picture name
again rephrase to me please.
it was not clear.
I want to see the news.
start Pandora and play the Beatles
share with twitter
olly change light colour to blue
who is Napoleon Hill?
Describe a workhouse for me.
i need to hear what i said again.
Set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow.
This is a tweet for Comcast: If I have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out, how can I contact you?
What does myrmidon mean?
yes strongly agreed.
olly would you please shut up.
Please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing.
you've done that right thank you very much, olly.
Olly, guide me to the restaurant
i am unclear about that.
Transit
set alarm for tomorrow morning at 6 am
remove all my appointments for today
explain further.
Is it going to snow?
check last thing said please.
that doesn't matter for me.
What do I need to make lamb pathia?
current price of GOOGL please
yes you get it exactly.
that is all, cancel.
May 2 is Mary's birthday
show my activity list
tell me the contact details of my brother
Start making some coffee
Let me know about my meetings after some days
tell me the list about
w
it's good one, thank you so much, olly.
Google I wanted to hear my country music playlist.
Books
when is sunset
Tell me what subterranean means.
give me a reminder notification on tomorrow's meeting at 10:00AM
yes you've gotten my instructions correcly.
where are you from
Lighten the light
sum of five and two
s1, could you explain further on that please.
post new status
PLEASE SLOW DOWN VOLUME OF SPEAKER.
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road.
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for 7 am please
tell me about this person
What would Africa look like in 1000 years?
Please summarize the latest George R R Martin Ice and Fire book.
Was there an appointment set up for Saturday?
Please delete the next calender event that I have created.
Delete the memos that I have scheduled for tomorrow morning.
Please call the Golden Fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
I want sweet potato pie from a local bakery
olly i like you cancel it.
Please delete what I just typed.
what is new news for today
OK Google, list all of my upcoming alarms.
Play next episode of Con Man.
Give me the news from source
Can you play Nakumukka
I want to hear  <song>
Please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
Get me the time in London now.
PDA, what are the events happening around me today?
Read my todo list?
schedule a journey to Las Vegas by train
Snooze all today's alarms permanently.
When can I get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride?
appreciated, olly.
Save the last radio stations of the last month
What are the hours from CVS?
Get in touch with (insert)
Who's this song by ?
nope, i didn't say it.
Make a post.
what is the quickest route by boat to Japan
What are the names of the lists that I have created?
At what time have you set alarm for me
Do you know the definition of school
What is on my list today?
happy
Alert me at 2:30.
play me a podcast
Send complaint to...
Wake me up at 6:30
Add paper towels to the grocery list.
Give me my reminders for this week?
Prepare coffee now
I love the eternal voice of the singer, she is my favourite
What's next song on my playlist.
find the most popular recipie for tacos
How much does Nestle company cost?
are you smart
What is the current time in Hong Kong?
where is the Grand Canyon
if there any alarm is set then let me know.
olly that is enough, cancel.
Does that restaurant allow take-out orders?
This is the best band ever
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
Change my music player volume to 80%
olly that's all, just cancel.
announce a comment in facebook
would you tell me it one more again.
how much is 100 American dollers worth in England
how long untill I get home
Play most recent podcast upload.
Add broccoli to my grocery list.
play songs from playlist
I want to eat some spicy thing
Could you play this song closer from the album chainsmokers?
oh no, wrong.
pls send a mail to my hubby i will late tonight
ARE YOU SOLVE MY MATH ?
Play the Beyonc├® playIist
Unmute the speaker now
will you tell me again please.
Play the latest songs by Sene.lena Gomez after this o
Load up Dr. Demento and play it by my bed.
I want max volume on my speakers
Please check my playlists for jazz music
Whts going on in Hollywood
Turn on my stereo and change it to NPR.
open the list
make a reminder of location A on calendar .
Ok Google, I want listen to Kevin and Bean
PDA, What music is being played right now?
Are you batteries all charged up and ready to go?
who is X
Who is coming to the meeting tomorrow at 10 AM?
update my list
What is the definition of this word?
alexa set an alarm for 4pm tuesday
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
Hey, I would like to know some key facts about X
not that one.
Play tunes
Latest news on traffic at my current location.
What is in a curry?
Please add Tom to my contact list.
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
Is there heavy traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas right now?
delete calendar events
What is the fastest route to my grandmother's house?
retry the instruction spoke please.
Check to see if I have new emails please.
yeah you've got my instructions perfectly.
Check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my loicatoion?
Look to see if Luigi's has take-a-way.
Use X radio to play X.
erase my appointment with ted
Alexa, play more music like that.
did ben's email have an attaachment
XXX. Thats the song i would like you to play for me.
you've done that right thank you so much.
olly shut down please.
elaborate further on this.
Order two cheeseburgers from Wings & Ale on University Drive.
What events do I have remaining today?
Show me best in class theatre
please tell me the latest news about politics
add eggs to list
Is there a meeting on my calendar this afternoon?
please check episode no 41 of taarak mehta ka ulta chasmah.
Book an uber for me.
How's the weather?
Go to beginning of previous episode
PDA: Jump to the next podcast
open papa pear saga
What will the weather be in Chicago today?
I need to add an event on May 5th 2017 location Goshen for Danny's Graduation Party.
Begin a list for...
thanks for completing that.
What is today's current date?
Am I going to be able to mow the grass this evening?
post this message in facebook
Olly recommend a blue grass band event within 20 miles of Mancheser, MA this week.
Next play selected song
please would you repeat.
Is there any news Olly?
yeap you have understood it correcly.
What does (insert) mean ?
post swagging in LA on my facebook timeline
Do I need my raingear?
What should I cook tonight?
Pencil in coffee with Jamal at Starbucks for 3pm on Tuesday.
Olly, I need something fun to do this weekend nearby. Can you give me ideas?
What day of the week is 16th
Am I free this Saturday?
i am sorry but you don't understand me.
i am not clear about last sentence.
find train ticket
it was good one, thank you very much.
Please remove this event from my calender
Thursday at 3:00pm there is a teachers meeting I need to be reminded of.
Play music from VTV
Complain about Walmart service
find exchange rate for usd to euro
Read me the top Google headlines.
hey PDA turn up the lights a little
Compile favorites list according to my song feedback
navigate to a place
Mute for (specific time)
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
Wake me up at time
olly's command is incorrect.
Please help serve me coffee with a no sugar.
Olly prepare my coffee
Romantic light setting please
Please check and tell me about the reminders i have placed today
make a meeting with friend
What's the news in politics on CNN?
it was wonderful.
play the rock radio station
Traffic alert
I want you to fast forward  the audio the resume
I want the lights less brighter
i need to hear what you've said again.
Get rid of peas
what are the best recipes for <unk>
will you stop please.
play a rock.
Lower battery consumption to save setting.
Cortana, open MSNBC news.
Tell me current time in Los angels
Can you describe what she was wearing in that movie.
What events are happening between 2-4pm today?
how much is the dollar verus the pound
How long do I need to boil an egg?
I no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
What is the phone number for the nearest location of Church's Chicken.
ah that's good job.
I really enjoyed sunny day today
When is bank holiday?
sorry but this was not the right response.
Stay quite
check detail please.
What's the news for 6:45am today?
Set a meeting for tomorrow
What was the last email (sender) sent?
i think this is not the right response.
Should I put on a jacket when I go outside today?
Olly how many stars has SWAT received on IMDB
Can you remove remove 'buying eggs' item from my to do list?
play next
how many EUROs for 100 USD?
Send a tweet to the local WaWa that their service is terrible at their Market St. location.
How tall is Mt. Everest?
tell me the time n india
PDA please mute for 5 minutes
Siri, what is the definition of ziggurat?
Obama.
favorite music
Pull up my party palylist.
Echo I just got an email from Bill I need to answer it right now.
I need coffee, Olly.
Contact Pizza Hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms.
What's on my schedule for today?
could you please check detail.
alexa whats i like being a tool for the nsa
Send me directions to the police department.
Have I gotten any new emails from family/
Create packing checklist
i need to hear again.
that's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
Can you please set 12 noon prayer for every friday
How long will it take to finish cooking my meal?
How many other bands will be performing at the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd?
What is Mom's email address?
What kinds of clothes should I wear to the park today
Check with news to see anything new on Trump.
Morning, what's up?
what is the first friday of next month?
please can you check and confirm last thing said.
Would you set the coffeemaker running?
what did ben email me
what is the time in new york
What's on the radio?
have no idea regarding to which to select.
Should I bring a jacket with me tonight?
s2, i couldn't quite catch that.
could you please once again elaborate me about your words.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN IS THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF JENNY?
The capital of Nigeria is what?
Call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
Will it rain on the 22nd?
Play some music from metal genre
play little women
How much will be the world population after 20 years.
PDA I am leaving early today.
i like you check question please.
sorry but you didn't get it correctly.
Olly, can you play Hunt for red october?
Olly cancel business meeting on wednesday
are there any emails unread by this person
What is the weather like?
After swimming lessons, what else is on my calendar on Tuesday?
What's interesting around here?
Please share up to the minute details on Sprint.
When did dave matthews email me about the contract?
I need some sushi, what's closest?
What's that the album is current music from?
Breaking news for today
I really want to go to Keiv. Is there any good events there in April?
What would be the easiet way to become a millionaire in less than five years?
Inform me about the most popular rom-com movie playing now in theatres across New York.
can't get what you've just said.
Disable the alarm at xx:xx am/pm
What temperature is it safe to eat pork?
whats a substitute for butter that is non dairy
What is on my list?
is this program is scheduled?
please tell me the current time in new york
please would you tell me one more time.
olly i like you just cancel.
Take out available, Louies
Increase Volume
Hey whatsapp
Turn the sound off.
you helped a lot,, olly.
what is dollar exchange rate with indian currency
Tell me what a freeway is
Show me all meeting reminder
empty calendar for this week
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
What do I need to know about the show?
reply 'thank you' to john@gmail.com
could you further rephrase me on this please.
What is the home phone number for Sarah
open all unread emails
How long does it take to get to the moon
please will you check it.
Show me timetables for trains going from Prague to Brno
Read the latest news stories
Cortana, find the latest article from Chris Hedges on Truthdig.
Do I need a sweater?
Turn off bedroom light at 9:30 pm.
s2, could not get your answers.
Play slow down the song.
thanks for reminding me, olly.
I want the light switched off. Can you do it for me?
Games
it doesn't really matter.
get me to alarm setting
Close the light
Play Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
Delete the dog list for me
Can we talk about wild orgies?
food-processing business in your home has advantages
Write email to family member and read it back
yeah confirmed.
Please repeat the current song is being played
i want you check the last thing i said please.
I want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
can you read me news on Trump?
wake me up at 9am on Friday
remove 'new year' from calender
Play the football game on the radio
Order two large pizzas and 2p pieces of hot wings from dominoes.
Any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week?
Do I have a doctor's appointment in my calendar?
I want to listen to heavy metal please.
right response to command.
I need a ride in an hour
skip to next episode
say one more time please.
Olly I went shopping today and bought a massive dildo.
Hey Olly, what time can I catch the nearest train to me?
If I have fifty dollars and spend twenty four, how many dollars will I have left?
Are there any status updates on Fox News Facebook page?
send email too..
how many of my contacts live or work in Detroit?
How much does stock cost in Walmart?
How many ounces is in a quart?
customer service complaint
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
it's not the right answer.
can you please explain me more on your answer.
s2, i am not clear about this.
set mute until said otherwise
Switch on the radio
Is it 20th March today?
let's try what you have just said one more time please.
PDA what's on my to-do list?
Is today going to be sunny?
once more please.
start playing from where I left off on The Goblet of Fire
can you tell me the time at san francisco
any alarms currently listed
what is going on in my area today
Show me today train time of kalka at Jodhpur.
it's helpful, i appreciate it.
blot me the dentist appointment on Tuesday 21 March 2017
Show me the train schedules between madrid and barcelona for tomorrow
please again explain your response.
shit, you've done a task wrong.
please tell me it once more.
What is going on with international news
What is the highest mountain in Asia?
Please remove apples from my grocery list
Show me all the events happening in Milan
set alarm at 2am
don't really mind.
Tell me the train arrival time to New York
READ ME MY CALENDAR FOR THE MONTH
What's the most popular story on my Facebook newsfeed?
What is a geographic fact in this region
its raining.
Open spotify and play list 5
Show me a spaghetti recipe
recall me wedding anniversary day
yes correct response to the command.
PDa, download cooking app
Olly New york time?
What is happening in the area?
How many new emails are there in my Gmail?
Play for me Michael Jackson song from audiobook
coding tutorial
Please find me a country music station.
well done, thank you so much, olly.
Did i recieve emails from this person
appreciated, it's nice one, olly.
Add this song for the next playing song
uhh no, you do not understand what i am looking for.
sunny in Oslo?
how time is it
olly i want you cancel.
what is the capital of new hampshire?
Mute your Android phone when you arrive at work
Olly, open Pandora and play 'workout'
you've got me incorrectly.
your answer was not what i was looking for.
i can not catch up with you.
emails from jane doe
tell me what was today's news from news provider
Send email to newmail@gmail.com
Google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping.
appreciated, it is great one.
PDA what is the answer to...
you understood the answer right.
remind me for tomorrow meeting
PDA, connect to lights
Pleae play Huey Lewis all titles.
Lower audio!
give me date and time
Is my calender free for 4pm today
Move the volume up a little.
can you check train schedule to Berkeley
What was the name of my last email
instructions to make a meal
Can you let me know the weather of Alabama tomorrow
put this on my list
Where is the nearest Target
What music is playing?
What's the song title?
play metallica
I'd like to cancel the trip to Vegas next week
yeah strongly agreed.
s1, please elaborate me on it further.
Please scan my social media and tell me what's happening.
make the wemo plug socket turned on.
Olly can you change my timezone to central?
you are so helpful, musch appreciated.
show sock value of goog
PDA, Are there any alarms set?
Can you open the reply box?
Show me the alarms I've set.
what will the weather conditions of Lucknow on 9th feb 2017
Am I on vacation this week?
What is on the list for today ?
Play Jingle Bells next.
Where can I find a good taco truck in LA?
stock please
Please tell me what lists I have made.
Olly I need a cab in 30 mins
check gmail for last hour
Remove the item from list
awesome job, you did well.
any upcoming events?
i have no idea for which to choose.
Have I gotten an email from Sean?
In how many hours will it be midnight in London, England?
What is 6 divided by 2
What is IBM stock at?
Hello,  I would liek to know whether you provide home delivery services?
When does the train to Iowa leave?
new list
Send an email to Sarah about brunch today.
Turn the robot vacuum cleaner on.
Define session
on 3rd april we will go to watch jolly llb movie set it
was christmas 1972 on a weekend?
Send an email to guy selling the boat telling him that I have the money
alexa play PDR on the AM band radio
Play music that are classical only.
Lets listen to the playlist
Play the oldies station
PDA: Reply to Bill's email and add it to my contact list
Give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
answer emai lfrom
Set an alarm in an hour's time
Please male the smart socket turn off
Remind me to contact old friends that I have not talked with in 6 months before they pass
Move forward to the next episode
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
If I have $2000 in my savings account, how much will I have by the end of the year with interest?
Show me a funny joke.
How slow is traffic on the five?
Please check whether the email of Jancy has come.
Remind me of my appointment on the 15th.
what you have said is not clear to me.
Tell me about the most recent road construction on route 70?
Please turn the lights off in the bathroom.
remind this event in future
what is my most played podcast
Start the pop radio station
Is this event date right?
shuffle music by aaron carter
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
can you say once more please.
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME IS THERE ANY UPDATE IN WEATHER.
exchange rate dirham and rupees
Write a complaint to alza.cz for the tablet I bought today
Please set up a meeting with Becky at 3 pm on Tuesday
music please!
that is useful,, olly.
how long do you cook it
further explain.
how to make chicken tikka
i would like you just cancel.
Remind me  when my car is due the day before.
Start audio book The Two Towers.
What year is it?
i like you stop it.
Book 3 round trip train tickets for Sunday at 7pm, return ticket of next week Sunday at 8am
canadian us exchange rate
Olly, be funny for me.
that's all, stop.
What do i have on the schedule today from 12pm-2pm
thanks but you did not understand it right.
Define Rumplestiltskin.
Plesae let me know the current time at London
What's an interesting fact not many people know?
Comfort my ears with Arijit Singh
Cancel next event.
thanks but i think got me incorrectly.
Open reply
What kind of implement is a broiler and how do I use it?
Olly what is the capital of California?
Did Paul email me recently?
When does the next train leave for Atlanta.
thanks but you're wrong.
can you check and confirm detail.
Turn on the playlist I have decicated to rock music.
Check recently sent emails from mom
Locate the email to Giant Eagle and put it into my contact list.
yes exact.
Olly what am I doing today?
you have done it correctly thank you very much, olly.
will you please rephrase me further on that.
I would like to hear jazz music.
I need to know more about the parade this weekend.
What's the highest mountain in Italy?
I want to know if I have any emails with the subject line budget from Eddie Richards.
Is it raining tonight?
Is the city cheaper or costlier to live
Show me the current time in Germany.
i think wrong.
Please tell me the top global news headlines.
reset please.
yeap you've done command perfectly.
tell me the last phrase you just said one more time again please.
What temperature do you cook pork on?
forward a mail to sandy
Add to calendar every year on May 2 is Mary's birthday
please tell me that one more time again.
doesn't matter to me.
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT WHEN SINGAPORE GOT FREEDOM.
Show me news from CNN
Include this.
Can you make me coffee now?
Send email to liz
did you get the detail correctly?
can you confirm the question please.
exchange rate of euro with dollar
Hey Siri, my friends gave me a surprise birthday party
What is there to do in NYC?
How is my order
Add this song to my favorite list
How much long is atlanta
compose a reply to last email
I want to reply
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
PDA delete apples from my grocery list
is it raining right now
Play Maroon 5, Moves Like Jagger
How bad is traffic this morning?
Did I have any plans later on tonight at 8pm?
olly tell me what is song is playing now
Make a new list for school supplies
Is there any rains predicted for Bangalore today
i would like you to check my last question please.
i would like to hear again.
Is there a way to get the latest breaking news on Trump?
What time will I arrive home if I take this train
Give me the birth date of Mahatma Gandhi
Please define the word Hypocrisy
skip forward to the next episode
where is the train station?
how to cook a pizza
Olly, email Alice to let her know we are on the way,
Remind me in one hour about my meeting.
add an event to my calendar
Olly I'm looking for a bar, do you know a good one?
i would like to hear what i just said again.
put the radio on
What time are we looking at right now?
I need some more lights.
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
got the answer exactly.
Please open and play chess with me
seems like the answer you got was incorrect.
great response to the command.
Check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening.
Reset my locations list
Decrease volume to very soft
Remind me in the morning to call my mother.
I have a new contact: newmail@gmail.com. Compose mail!
any one will be good to me.
i want you to check what i just said please.
Turn off the smart socket
I want to hear I Got You Babe, by Sonny and Cher can you play that Olly.
good response to the command.
add events
PDA, access my Clue app and tell me what day of my cycle I am on.
Open my inbox
uhh no, i think that is not correct.
If it's ten pm in California, what time is it in Alabama?
start the gas stove adjust the flame to cooking the dish and put all cooking ingredient  to pressure cooker to cook the ingredients keep it on the stove wait for the ingredients to be cooked
Book train best deal
When is my next event?
Please feed that I have meeting at 5 PM.
yes exact response.
Give me the weekly weather near me.
Turn off wemo
Do I need to wear a heavy coat today?
the traffic today was the worst i've seen.
Olly, what movie are playing  near me?
When was the last time that I spoke to John?
Change your colors to something different.
can you please confirm what just said.
DIRECTIONS TO DISNEY LAND
Turn on the Marc Maron podcast
What's on my todo list?
how do i make mashed potatoes
would you check and confirm the question please.
Completely clear my calendar please.
upcoming events
Tell me the story of Ramanujan and his mathematical journey
i think you messed up the command.
How many mega pixel is listed in the description of the Canon T7i?
Any recent news about North Korea?
Open all mails from Steffi.
will you please shut down.
Let me know if there are any new emails from eBay
would you love to see
tell me the name of this music
Is it sunny?what' s the temperature?
Please save my rating on this song.. it is <insert rating here>
Play my last used playlist
Set reminder in calendar.
Play for me the programme Americal idol
your answer is not so clear to me.
Add a reminder to my calendar every year/month/week on this date
do not mind for any one, olly.
Restart the audiobook Heaven is for real.
Search for podcasts that cover men's issues.
light colour for study room
Define love without invoking the term love.
Tell me about Sean Connery
ah it's great work.
What's Bob Scrote's net worth?
Inappropriate Activity
please check the wrong command.
Does that restaurant deliver?
yeap perfectly.
Tell me the info about India's geography
The latest climate and weather news.
olly will you shut up.
What is the stock price of NIKE today
PDA mean
what time is my doctors appointment
Technology
Play famosa radio for me
Play The Gilmore Guys podcast.
that's perfect, i appreciate it.
Television
excellent job, you did well, olly.
check if there are new emails
yes get the answer perfectly.
what is new today
PDA, what do you use to make cookies.
go to the next episode in this podcast
Which are the games lined up for this weekend in the English Premier League?
did you get the last thing said correctly?
Get rid of my 8AM alarm
Please delete samantha's party.
Bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs.
i don't really know.
what is the coldest place on earth
Remind me about Mike's birtdays
Is it going to be sunny next Tuesday?
find the shortest distance for the location needed
Look up 'melancholy'.
Can you book an Uber for me?
did you get the command correctly?
Director who direct an act
change color
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
yeah exact response.
tune in to Bob and Tom
plan for tomorrow
color change of lights
open fm radio 100.00
Start reading that Alan Partridge book.
What will be the temperature today for Miami, Florida?
let's try that one more again please.
How much Indianapolis Express will take to reach texas.
Send an uber to me right now.
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
Hello PDA, Has my inbox gone up?
yeap get the command exactly.
I need coffee please preferably hot.
Can you inform me about what I have going on this week?
play fork songs intamil
Schedule a meeting with the accounting department on 2:30pm on Friday.
try again that is not what i am looking for.
play the radio station pop
where is statue of liberty?
wake me at 7 am
Just play 93.7 FM
Check delivery options for the restaurant.
Between 10pm and 7am everyday all emails received has to be replied to
What is new in politics today? Can you filter out Trump news though?
hey siri tell me a joke
it's good work, i appreciate it.
Where is North Dakota?
Give me the description of a Laptop circuit
would not mind to select any one.
Show me New York Times news.
Make my iroomba clean the living room.
Is the Thanks giving event on 14th of this month true
Mark the event monthly
Has @realDonaldTrump posted anything new on Twitter?
wait, i think it's not the correct response.
Give me the headlines from Sky News
train times
what are the climatic conditions in tha that area.
Tell me the population of USA
provide me news
let's tweet a complaint
Are there unread emails in Gmail?
What is in my favorites music folder?
Please set a reminder for church services on Sundays for 11am.
Play all my favorite latin songs.
one more time again please.
remind me at 1pm
Play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head next please.
Turn out the lights
Let's play Canasta
Show me a video on cooking  Fried chicken
What time have you set the alarm?
What is the time for Jimmy's party?
when work is done ensure to remove the list
Please turn on one of the preprogrammed stations.
any one is okay to me.
What is the going rate for Wells Fargo stock?
Tell me about economy and gdp about india vs china
i am sorry but that's incorrect answer.
My new health check up new list
you rock, thank you so much, olly.
olly can you please shut down.
What's new in news express
Make a taxi booking in Uber
add apples to shopping list
what day is it on 5th december?
Would you play some music please?
Can you play Call Me by Aretha Franklin after this song is finished playing.
show map
Tell me what time it currently is.
which alarms do I have
rewind button
unmute
Can you remind me of the meeting today at 4 p.m.?
Here's an email address
Alexa, what is computer?
Put a 7pm meeting time down for March 14th
When is that meeting with my boss next week?
stop and do it again.
Has my boss sent me new e-mails today?
Are there any tornado warnings today?
PDA. The time in Cairo please.
Tell me the weather for the following the month
Remind me to start supper this afternoon at 5:00
Mark April 20 as my brother's birthday.
i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
What's the temperature out now?
i was not clear about your response.
I would like to know my next schedule details
Hey, add dentist appointment on Tuesday 4pm
Search in the web for buying bakeware for muffins
Tell me what's happening in European politics
pls change timezone to india
Can you tell me the weather for monday?
What is the exchange rates of this currency
Who is the prettiest actress in the world in this century
What do you think I should have for breakfast?
Length of traffice?
mailed the personal data
nope, it's not what i meant.
When is my husband's birthday this year?
Please turn on my smart plug socket.
PDA name: Do have any new email?
Find me the oldies channel.
I need a ride to the airport
Send the email to Jill that is saved in my drafts folder.
On May 13th please run a credit check and email the results
Can you play my favorite audio book of Tarzan?
create a new list for school supplies
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
What is the weather going to be like today?
What is the capital of Nigeria?
PDA, access my FitBit app and record this activity, yoga, fifty minutes, high intensity.
please will you confirm the last thing said.
oh no, that was not the right answer.
It is 9:00 here. What time is it in California?
From 4 to 6, when do I have a free break?
Set Reminder to go workout at the gym every Friday at 8:00 am.
Can you speak quieter please, Olly?
Tell me all the takeaways nearby and I want to order food.
selection of restaurants
Email Grandma. Subject, Saturday. Message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
Is there a article on polar bears?
can you schedule a meeting with Mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm?
Pull up lights control.
Tweet to Google costumer service, My new Nexus phone stop working. Help please
you are hero, thanks, olly.
describe rock sand
appreciate the answers.
please will you explain further on your words.
What is the Yen Us Dollar exchange rate?
how much
Give me an update on the election in one hour.
can you confirm the last thing i said.
Send an email to Jake to tell him thank you
Create a new list for me please
please can you speak that things again.
this is unimportant for me.
What artist is singing that song?
Did I get new emails from Sarah?
it is useful, musch appreciated.
play neverland by metallica
How much is $100 American worth in yen?
could you please confirm the details.
there was error.
what is the current exchange rate from usd to rupies
Can you define a house
Write an email to Luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
hmm, i didn't ask for that.
thanks for answer.
How do I get to Bloomingdale's from my place?
Olly, commence coffee making.
keep that song for when I need cheering up
I'd like to listen to 99 (point) 5
Will I need to wear a jacket next Wednesday?
What are the train times for today?
remind me about meeting
Post the following status to Facebook.
PDA be quiet.
dammit, it isn't what i meant.
please fact check {statement}
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
baseball scores.
Take grocery buying off of the list
Find new Trump articles but not from Fox News.
Delete the monthly recurring team meeting till June.
I do not need this anymore
pda remind me about my eye exam at Walmart on the 26th.
add item
Tweet samsung to let them know my washer is on fire.
Can i get the time?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE CLASSICAL MUSIC FOR ME.
Please add 'shopping at mall' on 26 March at 12pm.
show time in mumbai
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
s2, i can not quite catch that.
Please add dinner plans to my calendar for (specific date/time) at (specific location)
Do I have any appointments scheduled for March 24, 2017?
Olly, open the uber app and get me a car, please.
HIS HARDWORD IS PROPRLY QUEAD
it is helpful,.
What do I have scheduled for next week?
At what time is my appointment with dentist scheduled
Turn off the alarm for tomorrow morning
Google who was the last President who didn't own a dog?
play blank playlist
Does Ming Ten do take out?
shut down please.
that is nice one, i appreciate it.
please once again elaborate me on your answers.
Open my classical playlist.
Play the most popular Elton John song.
What is a narwhal?
oops, it is not the correct answer.
Please book a ticket form Jaipur to Mumbai on Tuesday.
Olly set a reminder for dinner at 6PM on wednesday at Bonefish Grill.
Hey Olly, cancel all my other meetings and calls for 2nd March as it is Jim's birthday. Tag it as an event in your calendar
What is on my shopping list?
Recent advice concerning Google SEO
Please play my Top Music playlist.
you did command perfectly.
Tell me the locations of my meetings for today.
How many miles is it between Illinois and Louisiana alexa
How's the stock for Exxon Mobil doing today?
Add car service to my list of things to do today
Where is norman reedus from
What's the time now?
Please list my query.
Which bar has the most affordable drinks near Sixth Street?
Give me the definition of School
What is the current temperature?
reminder about meeting from 8am to 12pm
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
Repeat the next song
how are you
Have Pho #1 send 3 egg rolls.
Delete this event on march 3
please will you just stop it.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN  TO EARTH BASED ON CLIMATIC CHANGE?
My schedule
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
are there unread emails in my inbox?
could you check instruction.
did you get what last said correctly?
please elaborate more on what you've said.
what's on for this week?
Please tell me whether there is a new mail from jay ?
Turn radio to channel 99.5
let's try it again.
Play some good background musc
What is the tallest mountain in Tucson?
Do I work on the 24th?
Is it noon in Paris?
Make a Jars of Clay playlist for me
What time is it in Swotzeeland?
Make a calendar entry for brunch on saturday morning with Chris, Kimberly, and Aaronson
What is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
stop and try what said one more time again.
Olly, is there anything I should be reminded about?
play all songs from playlist 'Favorite'
Which type of music it is
PDA if there is any free space please set a reminder for me to call my sister about a college fund between my meetings this evening.
it must be mistakes.
PDA name: can you put this on facebook
Don't speak for an hour
wine shop
play the next episode of podcast.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH TIME WILL BE THE BEST TIME FOR  ME TO DATE MY LOVER.
where can I get organic wheat
play (program) on xmtune please
Is Mysore going to be very hot and humid today, whats the weather status
Do i need to carry an umbrella tomorrow
Tweet @applebee my chicken was raw #foodpoisoning
yeap exact response to command.
incorrect command.
weather for tomorrow
How many bones does a human body have
oh no, i didn't say it.
answer was right.
Have I received any emails from Shaun?
reply
please could you confirm question.
Let me know when a new email arrives from Rachel
Latest movies in theatres
PDA, remove that item from my list.
pls turn on all the outdoor lights
Repeat Reminder for my appointments for Christmas
oops, you have made some mistake.
get new emails
shit, you have done this all in wrong manner.
Lights off in the guestroom.
Do you recognize the song playing on my phone?
please play this song
it's nice, thank you very much.
Remove that from my list.
Fraud in weighing products
olly that is enough, just stop it.
Book an Uber to pick me up outside of Long Island Bar right now.
i'd like you to confirm it please.
Make new playlist from recent songs
olly put my doctors appointment on the calendar
shit, not right.
Can you play Lose Yourself by Eminem next?
let us try it one more again please.
remind me at
this does not really matter for me.
do events
What is happening in town tonight?
recent emails
play music in library
make a room darker
In this country, what is the exchange rate
mention event in calendar with others
What's the description for the alarm at 11am?
How many items are on my list ?
i think you've done task wrong.
where is the kiss concert?
yes you've done command exactly.
Tell me something exciting.
Remind me to buy a gift once in morning and once in evening
When last did I receive a new email?
remind me about tomorrows lunch meeting at 1
Show me my last email?
no, you did all wrongly.
Can I find a shop that sells Italian Suits?
What is my next reminder?
PDA: skip ahead to the next podcast
When is the last train today?
show me what I can do with fitness
Send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it. Apologize for being late.
Remove the list please
I need to add water to my Kroger list.
Forward email address to my new email
speak once again please.
explain further on last sentence to me please.
What is the date next Wednesday?
set my cooking classes on Tuesdays at 5pm
please tell me local events
Can you please buy me a train ticket.
Is there valet service at the event
Vacation spots
which date is on next monday
Play the most current episode of Levin
please will you confirm my last command.
thanks, olly.
Remove 7am alarm.
Information on dolly parton
Bring up my last playlist from Tidal
Make me a capuccino.
Remind me on the afternoon meeting at 2
ah it's amazing work.
it's correct.
Tweet Best Buy about my bad experence.
olly stop please.
slow
Tell me more about (event)
Define the word absolute.
Are there any interesting even going on around my location?
What's happening in town tonight?
PDA, what are the latest updates with regard to Trump's ties to Russia
would you again clarify me on it.
i am not so clear about what you have said.
what is the time in boston
Tap Start, and then select Settings.
When is it?
I want the smart socket off now.
how much is the euro worth vs us dollar?
<Show my alarms>
What is the date for the following monday?
Rewind to 4:12
PDA, I'm into 80's music.
i am happy
yeah right.
Play Rock music
will you try again please.
Start from last time on my audio book
Resume Harry Potter from the place I have stopped listening to last time.
will you start over please.
remind me tomorrow at 10am about the meeting
would you please elaborate your answer further to me.
Transform into a woman.
rewind the episode of podcast.
i would like to start this new audiobook
currency to currency rate
What is the current share value for MSNBC?
Start the League of Legends game.
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What amount of traffic in this road?
shit, you've done that wrong.
hey siri list the local shops for me
perfect response.
this doesn't really matter to me.
Can you pause the audio
PDA, send the email to this new email address
what will the date be next wensday
Let's play a game.  How about tic-tac-toe
sorry but i think that's not correct.
up load all my podcast
show upcoming local events
I can't see, turn up the lights.
by remote sensor
hmm, i think not correct.
thank you very much for the answer, olly.
explain what GDP means
I would like this new email should be added to my contacts
show me all my pending reminders
I went to the store
to I need to take sunglasses today?
please turn off the kitchen
Turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee.
yeap it's confirmed.
Get me match highlights
Define astronomy
i could not catch up with you.
Change song
Do I have to go to the gym?
that does not matter.
Start radio, channel 88.9
Announce the current time
well done,.
you have got it right.
Set a reminder for next Saturday: Go to the library at five o'clock.
fix the lights in the living room to red
try what you have said once again please.
Jay's phone number
What is on my shopping list today?
Open facebook messenger
Is Rush Limbaugh on the air? If he is put him on.
Is my school alarm set?
What is the result of 100 minus 50?
Show them where the keys to internal locks are located in case they have to exit your home quickly.
Olly, lets play tic tac toe.
What's the latest news?
i am not so clear about what you just said now.
Google IBM stock prices
alexa set a meeting event reminder with mona on tuesday
when my takeaway order will arrive?
What groups are listed in my contacts?
nice job, you've done well.
Request an Uber now
3*2=6
you didn't understand what i am looking for.
Find and Order Domino pizza at nearest store of domino.
what is the sum/total/square root/etc of ____ (and___)
Is my meeting with Bob tomorrow at 3:00PM?
I want to post a status on Twitter.
Where is Stonehenge?
tell me one more time please.
How cold is today?
please repeat my shopping list
what is the weather report
Initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
PDA, tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
good night
weather this weekend
I would love to hear the playlist I created for my wedding.
Set mute mode for one hour.
doesn't matter with me, olly.
please play rap
Clear calendar of mine
I need a cup of coffee.
what are the pending reminder for today evening
can you tell me what terse means
I have bad experience with bugs in this hotel tweet this to customer service and give them link relevance to this topic
What is traffic to work now?
Start email to client...
yeah right response to the command.
What is the location of...
s1, elaborate me on this once again.
Are there any new emails from...?
Do I have any appointments tomorrow?
tell me news from canada
Please check on the live football matches this weekend
What time is it in Cleveland, Ohio?
s1, will you elaborate me about that once again.
Play my favorite podcast, please.
Cortana, open up contacts and add, email, something@gmail.com.
what is the date today?
olly that will be all.
Olly, give me the list of the top 5 safest cars to buy.
What was the date two Wednesdays back from today?
shit, i think you did that in wrong manner.
How many new emails have I gotten
I think I ran out of this can you add it to my list?
What alarms are set for this week Echo.
Should I go through the valley or on the 10 to get to Westwood?
What movies are playing tonight?
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
Is Gus's a take out place?
What do I have coming up?
Does the weather call for rain Saturday?
Olly i got into a wreck today
Show me upcoming programmes on 105.1
Current time New York.
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
Manage facebook status
please would you confirm what i said.
Create an alarm for 6am
yeap you've understood it correcly.
tweet 'I am doing well' on Twitter
draw
brighten light
Please remove the parent/teacher conference scheduled on March 7.
what is the commute time to the theater
i didn't get your words.
PDA, What is the weather like in MiamI Florida today?
I want to listen to the radio
Dim the lights in the bathroom
today was okay
Could you please check the weather in Kansas
olly i would talk to you later on.
PDA play this audiobook
whats with my dinner order?
Please send a notification when John replies
that is helpful,.
please can you cancel it.
Can you find me a street fair in the neighborhood?
Turn on the rice cooker socket
What exhibits or shows are scheduled at the Metropolitan Theater?
complaint to consumer service tweeter
How many countries are in Europe?
Look up word
turn on the wemo
What traits would be on a moral inventory?
Find me today's headlines at CNN
Please change the volume low of the speakers.
Do I have to do something later?
tell me today's sports news headlines
Will the restaurant deliver the order ?
uh no, that's not the correct response.
How are things looking for the meeting with John?
tell me distance between sun and moon
What is the latest story from Fox News.
please try again.
I need the volume to be quieter
Turn on my playlist of country music.
Do I need a coat?
oh no, you did not understand what i meant.
Can you send an email to (name)
dammit, wrong command.
Please check episode no. 39.
Set reminder for three o'clock
how to do a risotto?
Please define forensic
how to make cheescake
Look for shopping mall, Sacramento, women's clothes
What time is the party tonight
Remove all the events from my whole calendar.
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct response.
what on my play list
i am sorry but i think you've gottten it not right.
Will there be snow this week?
Hey Siri, inform me about latest picture updated by Priya Chopra on instagram
How old is Marian Carey?
ESS WEEK KI SABHI IMPORTANT EVENT KO NOTE KARO.
Please say the following on Facebook:
Wish birthday
Please remove that event.
Just let me know whether today it will be sunny
rowan atkinson info
Turn the room light off.
Who is Rihanna dating right now?
add new event named anna to calendar
What is 200 divided by 10
retry what said please.
better climate
whatever will be okay.
Get me Tom's number
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
good job, you did well.
PDA when will the world end?
oops, i think you have me incorrect.
java
describe what a sphere is
please elaborate further on that to me.
enter song suggestion
do I have an alarm set
Did i get an email from FedEx?
When will I meet with joe next
Angelina has a birthday when?
6AM
check latest news
i am sorry but it's not the right command.
USD position now?
play my iTunes music
delete this item
Do I have class on Monday?
PDA, change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red.
What is the square root of 42?
PDA, Coffee
How is traffic on the highway?
it's great one, musch appreciated, olly.
the description of angel
Where should I go for dinner in San Francisco tonight?
Tell me about Kevin Spacey
Delete next event from the calendar
I need a reminder at 2:00 every day to check on my mother.
what is computer(word)?
Does this restaurant deliver?
I WANT TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SONG.
Do I have any email?
it seems like the command is not correct.
add carrots to the list.
Send an email to peter asking him which one dress should I bring and attach the photos of dresses taken recently.
i'd like to hear the last one spoke again.
can you speak once again.
Tell me what was the temperature in our city at 12 pm.
Is calendar event true?
Lets hear it from FM 96.5
Can you show me the popular posts from Facebook today?
Please change the house lights to blue
Turn living room lights red
Give me the definition of the word haughty
Echo, who won the presidential election this year?
You can also add additional switches to your home to control more devices.
sorry but i think you have messed up.
Turn on Huey Lewis and The News from the music player.
PDA give me the product review from GameSpot about the NIntendo Switch
What dairy product contains several nutrients?
repeat.
uh no, you don't understand what i am searching for.
what will the weather be on friday
Please describe laptop
will you check and confirm what i last said.
What is the latest update on the NY bridge proposal?
Change volume to 35 percent.
Delete all my meetings
how many number of fans does that person have  approximately.
Send an email to...
do i need umbrella for night
Does Donald Trump have any ties to Russia?
Olly, is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets?
no, that's not the correct command.
provide the list
What alarms are on right now?
Resume play where I left off in book on Audible.
Are there any delays in traffic today?
Send e-mail to Nancy about tomorrow's work party details.
Has the governor enacted the new crime bill yet?
PDA, set a doctor's appointment for 3:30 PM, March 7th, with an alarm thirty minutes before.
i am not clear about your answers.
PDA, show me how to cook a recipe.
Remind me to check the stew at 6 o'clock
yes that's wonderful.
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY SOCCEER GAME FROM 5TH LEVEL.
should i put some sun screen cream for taday
any important notifications.
Today is what day?
What does my calendar look like for the next week?
Remove all the events from calendar
that's not what i meant to say.
Start the radio now on low volume
after cooking  the stuffs add some masala content and cook it again in a tawa and serve
can i know what i on the list
please warm up coffee machine
write a tweet to <unk>
I would like it to order me stuff with little to no error
weather for remchi city
you have done that right thank you so much.
it is useful, thank you.
this is unimportant to me, olly.
yeah your understanding was confirmed.
path to hallway!
Please play my Pop playlist
i think that's not the right answer.
Just set me reminders about pending bill payments
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow?
Add detergent to the list of things I need to buy.
add this email to a new contact
nearest walmart loction
What do you think of the three laws of robotics?
where is the closest train depot
dammit, that's not what i said.
Please send the email to Jeff.
today i got rewards Olly
off lights
How hot is it currently in Costa Mesa ?
Create new email address.
Play for me the channel Star sports
What is this week's weather forecast?
got command right.
I am in bad mood, tell me a joke
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
send a complaint tweet.
TOMARROW MY MOTHER BIRTHDAY
Please turn off Right side of light.
What is todays forcast?
PDA please run this game
order general T'so, eggroll to go
Ask for the weather today evening
when are holiday in current month
hmm, you do not get what i am searching for.
Do i have any get-togethers this week?
Give me a joke
anything will be okay with me.
Play my game
good work, you have done well, olly.
How can a cook risotto?
List the games you can play with me.
get it right.
Please change light color to purple.
Lights brighter
why are women so mysterious?
please ask mr. Coffee to make a latte
please remove remainder
what alarms are currently set
Set alarm at 5:00 am
play the song for me
Please play Britney Spears
What time are the trains going to Chennai leaving?
Where Seth lives?
How is the snow condition in Las Vegas?
When is my next dentist appointment?
direction to local train station
send an email in response to this
whats on my shopping list?
Set reminder for tennis game with Peter on Sunday at 4 pm
What playlist is on shuffle
How is the current weather in California.
could please tweet that the kinley water bottle was charged for more than maximum retail price at the movies.
Ok Google, schedule a meeting with the VP of the department on 3/21/2017
When does the last train from work leave
display nearby places
plau Tonic
Turn all the lights off.
s2, i couldn't understand what you just said.
For the next three Sundays remind me I have yoga class at noon.
Switch from blue to yellow lights
i am sorry but you didn't understand me.
is dinner ready yet?
events happening between 8am and 5pm today
Update status of ...
Play my favorite music
Olly, Play Heavyweight podcast
Why has politics become so polarized recently?
Repeat an event in my calendar
can you explain string theory to me
Turn on the plug.
I like classic rock
I want to listen jazz.
I hate this song, do not play it again
Echo, turn on the local radio
Please delete the Wednesday evening alarm.
Olly, can you describe to me a bike?
How long should I simmer rice for?
I would like to hear Heathens by Twenty one Pilots.
how is the weather in this week
Set notification for meeting with boss.
Raise the volume to max
disable my  okug
Show me Boston's current time
whats the next train at westcombe park.
will you reset.
i'd like you check and confirm the detail please.
google maps
reply mail
list all the events being held in the vicinity.
Ok Google, what happened to Katy Perry?
When is the next train to Center City Philadelphia?
Should I watch this movie?
What time does the train leave Penn Station?
please check what last said.
Book a taxi to the airport
I want to see all set alarms
thanks but i think that's not right response.
How has your day been today?
i don't get this.
Remind me to do something then
Open the Davinci Code where I left off
ah it's excellent, olly.
you've got the answer perfectly.
Assign an owner, or person responsible, to the ticket
pardon.
I want to know how many feet are in a mile?
don't mind for any one.
i am sorry but i think you did some mistakes.
fantastic work, you've done well.
Tell me when this meeting is coming up.
I want to hear study playlist.
Olly, create a repeating event on Mondays at 7 pm
Chane light colour to green
wrong i will repeat the command now.
What is currently trending on twitter?
find me info on cars
List events from this three o'clock to five o'clock
Remind me to get the mail in 10 minutes.
Please tell me if July has sent me any emails.
Send email to Rajesh
i don't mind to select any one.
it is of no importance with me, olly.
Has anyone commented on my status?
I want to set an alarm when I'm driving home tomorrow to remember to stop at the store and get food.
Tell me a good doctor joke.
please turn on the music i want to hear my favorites songs
social info
Tell me everything about UMF
Give me the current date
Start a vacuum cleaner
Tell me about the latest politics news.
What are the stats of x?
fantastic work, you did well, olly.
What's your favorite joke?
Please pause yourself.
Could you tell me what time it is?
play music from playlist
Adding meetings on particaur dates of calender
What is the increase in stock value over the past week of Disney?
what is today' date?
Echo, turn on Kicks 101.5
set a neighbor party for next week
Please list shops withing X miles from me
What lists do I have queried?
please read the last email for me
Add Jane's birthday party at 123 Main St for 2PM tomorrow on my calendar
person xy oscar for which film
Play the first playlist
I want to know who is at the top of the English Premier League at the moment
Will you send an email to this new email address?
Hey Siri find music by nine inch nails
Anything good happening this weekend in the area?
Play the latest songs by Dalida
mark today as the start of my diet
start the podcast application
you understood command perfectly.
could you speak once again.
13th june is a day of election result.plz. set it.
Shuffle song
shit, you don't get what i just said.
What's the time for neighboring city
Please remind me I need to pick my clothes from the cleaner today.
Play it again please
What temperature should a baked chicken be?
please will you check details.
Isn't Keith Urban wonderful
PDA, delete that item from my list.
Please tweet that my diapers are falling apart to Pampers.
Play the radio band with documentary
Pull up the headlines please
can not get last sentence.
what in on my to do list of events
s2, did not get your words.
How many alarms do I have set for morning hours between 6 and 9 am
Request a Taxi from UDRIVE service
What shape is a ball?
update me on stock price of this company stock
inform about best circus near me
Whats on my list
Do i got anything planned for today
will you please confirm detail.
train times to..
Was Einstein married?
would you try again.
What is the time in the Mountain timezone?
Play BBC radio
Bypass certain passwords
turn on the tv socket when I arrive home
you did your understanding exactly.
Olly, tell me how to get rid of the rash on my arm.
Open email to new person, please.
What events near here are happening this week?
sent email to
show me the previous episode
appreciated, that was fantastic job.
Insert this item.
Remove my dinner event for Monday.
I WANT YOU TO REMEBER ME TO TAKE MY RAIN COAT BECAUSE IT MAY RAIN.
where is yellowstone park located?
I want a reminder for an editor's meeting at 2 pm Thursday.
Please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
Is the meeting with Julie at 3 pm on Wednesday?
Shuffle and Play all songs by gavenda artist
whats going on in LA
Will the weather be hot or cold tomorrow?
go to calendar and schedule event
What is the location of Moldova?
Tell me the latest stock of pepsi
Does shrimp contain a lot of fat?
why people who reads may not be the most courteous and well-born?
What do you know about America
Sex
What color hair does Britney Spears have?
Play Animal Farm.
please explain me further on your answers.
find if takeaway possible in restaurant xy?
Play a country station please.
I want to listen to Classic Rock
Show me the weather for Dallas.
I would like to listen to my audiobook.
Lets have a break for 5 minutes
i want to hear that word again.
how long until we get to Chicago
Is calendar event false?
Do I need to use sunscreen before goint to meet my friend for lunch?
yes I want to check
Volume settings, please
yes you did the command right.
the weather is sunny today
book me a train ticket
is this person sent any email
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
tweet a customer complaint on the service at the long horn steak house alexa
what is your mood today?
What are the latest updates on my Facebook account
today is sunny day or not.
Tell the Golden Fork that I want their fish risotto delivered
add event for date and time with these people
R&B music
check and confirm my last question please.
please remind me about the event later 5pm.
Ask for the weather today morning
twitter
How much is 12 divided by 4?
Will there be rain tomorrow in (My Location) ?
Good afternoon
What is the stock for X company?
please speak the last one said one more time.
Remove item from my list
Tell me BBC news
When will my food be ready?
upcoming events on list
yeap you did it right.
Please check and tell me where is the location of Toms new business.
brighten lights in living room
s1, please clarify me on what you have said once again.
you did it exactly.
date
Make the volume to zero
describe a sloth
what is geographic value of great volcano
please would you check that.
who did I get email from today?
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
i need to hear what you've just said again.
Play Boogie in Your Butt by Eddie Murphy
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
I want to hear Morning Edition on NPR.
i didn't quite catch up with you.
workout playlist
what is 3+4?
Can you guarantee that you can chose the winning lottery numbers?
how would you tackle the following problem>>>>
Remove my list of contacts from work
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
where is a walking trail near me
What is the exchange rate between USD an ...?
Start my music playlist.
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
Will there be a World War IV?
list ongoing events near me
save this email in contact
What does hesitant mean?
yes you've got your understanding perfectly.
How many seconds are left to complete this hour
tweet a complaint about my refrigerator to LG
Can you see if I have any new emails?
do you know math?
When i will get the delivery.
what day will it be sunny
tell me the lucky color of today
I like my PDA to know if there's a promo or discount in the mall or any shop/store.
Does PF Changs accept takeout orders?
please create an event with only these people
reply back to this email
Find an Uber that can get me to the airport now.
where are my takeaway order?
What movies are playing nearby?
thanks for the answer.
it's helpful, thanks.
open meeting time
What happened to Fergie
Who is the governor of New York?
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
Can I carry out with this restaurant?
temperature this hour
Where is my meeting?
Is it going to be sunny tomorrow?
usning calc
LAtest event in new york city
Give me train times for tomorrow to Chicago.
Can you tell me what 25 percent of 2100 is?
you didn't understand what i wanted.
Find information on today's stocks
how many hours remaining to reach midnight in city
Play the Game of Thrones audio book from the last chapter I was on.
What is a trebuchet?
give me current information about traffic at central park road.
doesn't really matter to me.
set on 22nd march badminton match in merita square
create a meeting with friend
Did anyone win the powerball lottery yesterday?
thanks for helps.
Dim lights in living room
Olly play music from my fav pianist
Lower volume
What do I have going on today?
clarify further on that to me please.
thanks but i think you understood me wrong.
listening song of arijit singh,post it on my fb account.
Are there any reminders left?
post comment from my phone on facebook alexa
check the weather app to see if
Now what?
Select the item
play audiobook where we left off
Hey Olly, what do you store about me?
What is the last email I received?
Make us a brew olly
should i take a coat to birmingham this evening
Olly, what's playing at Brea Plaza five?
Remind me every tuesday to go to the dry cleaners.
I want to know more about this event.
it seems like your command you have gotten is not right.
What do I need to make french toast?
give me a description of (object)
Turn off the shed light
When I get home, can you please order a pizza?
Whats the local taxi company around here?
Can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song?
Tell me my list
Let's play 90s music hits
that does not really matter to me, olly.
set a reminder up next month to get my oil changed
publish an article in pinterest
definition of velocity
Remind me the day before my car is due.
Set an alarm for 6:30 AM.
replay that.
how do I subtract 4 from 2
shit, i didn't ask for it response.
i like you to check and confirm it please.
Noodles 1 pack, Make it as takeaway
How is IBM doing?
i don't really know, olly.
how far in steps is home from here
what are the train times for...
Enter a reminder in my calendar for 3pm meeting tomorrow.
Did I ever get the email from Sean today?
hey siri tell my today's top news
Show chicken tikka recipe
Launch the radio
where is hallway?
Places to order takeaway food
Olly, are there concerts this weekend in Chicago?
Did I remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
Give me the opening stock price of Sony
Is it a rainy and stormy day?
Show volume settings
volume louder please
How old is Ryan Reynolds?
Pleae play me the Madonna song again
turn  on music by seal
I want coffee everyday
can you do it again.
Play Coldplay album
wouldn't know.
What road is longest?
Add a meeting with architect to my new project list
What are the list of things I need to buy today?
Can you play the next episode, please?
what are the chances of hail this week?
Remove my 1:30 appointment.
I want to and my email address.
Let me see what emails I got.
Any new emails from Derek?
What happened yesterday on samurai jack.
Give me the definition of carion.
add in an event
alexa turn on PDR AM.
get it in my divice.
Play the previous podcast.
Latest finance news
How hot is today?
When defining words give thesaurus and use in a setence to make it clearer.
I want to find some Chinese food, what is near me?
Lower volume to half.
create event 'christmas' on Dec-25-2017 and set it to a repeating reminder
What exactly is a resin tooth filling?
normal tempareture
turn down the sound
What music do I prefer?
it's helpful, thank you, olly.
Book a first class ticket in the next train to Miami
you helped a lot,.
Can you play tic tac toe?
Send hi in watsapp to vikki
remove recent call list
What fun things are there to do in this area?
Delete from playlist my Old English Songs list
What's the stock price for Tesco?
I'd like to continue to the next episode.
tell about latest events
where Ashwin hasted?
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
Post picture to facebook.
Schedule lunch with mom on tuesday of this month.
Set the thermostat to 75F
What's on my schedule next week?
How many pounds would I get for $100?
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for 23rd March
i was not clear about your answers.
Place Event X in my calendar every Tuesday.
will you just cancel please.
Can you set a reminder for me to go to my kid's basketball practice every friday night?
your understanding was confirmed.
What time is it in London?
Play the last hit song of Metallica last album, please
please delete the next event on my calendar
Is Adele going to go on tour?
nice work, you have done well.
how do you like being my assistant?
that's helpful,, olly.
PDA add Dale@gmail.com to my contacts.
Start up a Bjork album for me.
What year did Tim Burton divorce Helena?
How many reminders do I have made?
What do I have to do this week?
oh no, you gave me not right information.
What time is my appointment tomorrow?
nope, you gave me wrong information.
cancel wake-up calls for this week
Find grocery store with an organic section near me.
where is the meeting tomorrow at 4pm
WEDDING WHISHES
could you check what just said.
What hour of the day is it in Dallas
Olly, lets play tic tac toe
i'd like you confirm my last instruction please.
Today's day is really tiring.
switch to the song from album
Open up a new list.
PDA, please turn off the smart socket.
will you say once again please.
alarm for 10am
will you check it please.
how much rain can I expect on date?
delete an item
command was perfect.
elaborate further on this please.
Tell more about this event
Display available lists
Play Howard Stern on sirius.
keep playing secret garden
Add work email address
Play 88.9
Send email to Gary
What is the current forecast for Maine?
remind me in 50minutes
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
it's cool, thanks.
Echo which songs to I listen to most.
Compare price of  a audio device from all websites with free shipping?
what's date today
Add a lunch date to my calender for March 15th from 12 noon to 1pm
reply back to emily
When did pop it like it's hot come out?
Tell me my congressional representatives voting records on reproductive health issues.
write down these items
Play Candy Crush
Shut the living room lights.
Tell me about price of stock for innova
could you tell me again please.
set radio
Set environmental news notification.
Please delete all meeting after 7 AM
i like my PDA to show me images or graphics.
i would like you to confirm the detail please.
Make me a cup of coffee, please.
Alexa play pandora 90's dance party
Play music by KORN
I need to know why girls are so different to man, explained as science man
I like it
Play metallica on shuffle.
Please let me know the exchange rate between  Indian rupees and US$.
what is this event is called ?which happening my area
Play rock 98.7 on the FM dial please?
Olly, turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
play ___ playlist
what are my engagements today?
that's perfect work, appreciated.
yes agreed.
Would you own a dog if you were able to?
If there were 10 easy steps to make myself rich what would they be?
yes that's excellent.
send a post in instagram
speak it one more again please.
Open Pandora app and play station named Hoizer radio.
PDA, I want to know what the latest news
nope, i think you've done the task all wrongly.
could you tell me one more again please.
What is the weight of an elephant?
List all the alarms
What's the temp in  Flint, MI?
Turn on some NPR and play them out of my speakers.
what was that one more time.
that's enough, just cancel.
Send reminder to friend list of tomorrow's birthday brunch.
How much is indian rupee going against US dollar?
PDA can you create a list for me.
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
Can you add milk to my grocery list?
latest updates
you did perfect job, thank you very much, olly.
Recommend a movie playing in my area.
What's the news?
How much is 136 plus 387?
Do I have any lists?
did you get my last command correctly?
Is my order ready for pick up now?
you've done the command right.
what is X + Y?
what are the new movies releasing
Will I need to carry around a brolly today?
I would like it to be able to tell if something is starting to burn and turn off the oven, stove, or microwave.
wd
Set a meeting with Hongbin
yeap please.
it's nice one, i appreciate it.
Show me events nearby
How many new emails since I last checked?
Clean up my schedule
remove 'father's day' from calender
what does obligatory mean
i think you've understood me wrong.
Tune in to 93.5 on radio
What are the things I need for my journey?
What year did George Clooney start acting?
please add this event
what is recipe
tell interesting news
no, it is not what i wanted.
Show me music by that artist.
would you elaborate me further on your answer please.
PDA, When will you do my laundry?
Set a notification for three, two, and one hours before next week's English final.
How is lasagne made
Can you forward an episode in the podcast?
When Einstein Died?
This item should be added to the list
remind me of location A on the date of X on calendar.
Any fast food meal offers
Remove all scheduled TW meetings from the calendar please.
Provide WSJ news
Mute yourself until 5pm.
hey Olly, I happened to miss one of my important meetings today
Do I have any emails?
Olly, remove my wake up alarm.
what is the name of this song
Are there any fun things to do in Seattle this weekend?
PDA I am going to Sally's Birthday on Saturday at 10pm
Is it going to snow this weekend here?
Remind me to pick up Mark at the airport at 6pm.
can you tell me one more time again please.
add mop to hardware store list
Adjust light when I get home
Silent mode
hoover the carpets around
Today's schedule.
Network podcast
Play 4th song of the same album after this song.
made media volume louder
remind me at 5:00pm that I have a meeting
update on April the giraffe
Make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
Please clear my calendar
How much is 1 INR to USD?
recipe please
you've done it correctly thank you very much.
Show todays events in NY
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
Remind me of the 7:00 AM Sales Meeting this Thursday and add to calendar.
How will be the weather today at night
reply with <unk>
Set the alarm for 9am on weekends.
Make a coffee please.
What is Amber stevens address, it is in my contacts?
Nikki Minaj nationality
What is Angelina Jolie's birthday
Wake me up in 30 minutes.
can you explain me further on what you have just said.
you've done that correctly appreciated.
is my friend rohit online on facebook?
Describe a...
Clear mt schedule for this date
Did the boss send anything?
Crabmeat recipe
I would like a free day tomorrow from all the events.
Olly how is the new movie SWAT
thank you very much for that information.
warm wishes to mac for new job
I need to see if i got any new email
Slightly raise the light.
have remainder of the program to listen
Look up information on Mount Rushmore
Play Adele
Add Bob to my list of contacts.
I like vocals.
Please play justing bieber album
Olly, I need directions to Madison St
please set an alarm for me 9a
what is the status of my order no?
Read me titles for international news
is it cold weather there?
Set a notification for 6th March that there is a society meeting at 11 AM.
google pda definition for me
Delete x playlist
could you tell me it one more again.
Remove bananas from my shopping list
is india win today cricket match.
Put the playlist on shuffle.
low the volume
your words is not so clear.
Set notification for news about the Dakota pipeline
set up a taxi for 11am tomorrow
Please turn off the light of my son's room
What does my facebook feed look like?
What is six times sixty-eight?
Tell me the name of the song?
Check my Facebook for notifications
display date
list all train time to Ny
is it night time in Peru
Do I need to be reminded of any meetings on Monday?
play my play list
switch on the vaccum cleaner
What is job title of Jan Medvesek?
who is <unk>
Please switch the channel to classic FM.
Please delete everything from my calendar.
what is the name of the tallest man?
Play the program where I left off yesterday.
What time is it on the west coast?
Play for me the music by Madonna
Show me the latest from the Daily Mail.
Alexa, mark my calendar as unavailable today
Today I ran into my old friend Bob.
could not understand your answers.
PDA please remove the appointment on April 1st.
Play songs from the R&B and soul genre
yes it's excellent.
Does Monday's meeting at 8am include Chuck Ingerman?
would you please further clarify me on your words.
What percentage of the US population is related to the English royal bloodline in some way?
Please list active alarms
How many teeth does Ryan Reynolds have?
Let's play that song again
Please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me.
PDA what's the time in Ottawa?
Please check the weather in Kansas
what time will my alarm wake me up
that wasn't correct.
Book for me an Uber taxi to Carmen Drive
What time is it in mountain time zone?
could not get your answer.
whats the currency exchange rate for china
play sanam
Convert GMT to IST.
Play micheal jackson
It is too dark in here, increase the brightness of the lights.
need to carry a umbrella this evening?
it is unimportant for me.
Am I gonna hit traffic?
Rate five!
What is the definition of pwd
I need a taxi in 30 minutes
PDA, Can u increase the volume of the speakers?
Hey Olly, I want to get trains to Manchester on Wednesday.
Echo, have I received any emails from my mother?
Do I have any emails from Jane Doe
What's on a list about my meetings this month?
Open irctc application and go to book ticket
I want a train ticket to <city>
Turn on vacuum
chess playing
Is there a groomer in town for cats only?
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
olly i want you cancel it.
Help to remind me to delete completed projects
alexa what is going on today?
Please play workout playlist.
Siri, how do make a BLT?
Date of recording of the song playing?
what is the latest news
please will you just stop.
turn on sportsnet for hockey
thank you very much for your answer.
can you speak it again please.
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
please will you check and confirm that.
How old is Mariah Carey?
What events do I have for this coming week?
Can you book a train ticket for my mother?
shit, that's not what i was searching for.
that's cool, thank you very much.
no, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
What temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
How many things do I have planned tonight?
pls turn off the lights in patio
Olly, schedule my doctors appointment on friday at 2 PM.
go to agha station
Olly, what is the best tasting cut of beef?
previous episode
yeah great response.
Play me last year's hits
s1, can you please rephrase it further to me.
whatever would be fine.
Remind me about my meeting an hour before it begins.
check question.
find me the song currently palying
would you confirm it.
Google, I need you to delete the current list.
dammit, you gave me not correct information.
PDA, I want to listen to a joke.
PDA, can you tell me what the date is today?
play miley cyrus radio
Are there any events going on downtown tonight?
What notifications do I have in social media?
When was Richard Nixon born?
What store is having sales tomorrow
turn up the lights
I also need to buy batteries AAA
play latest songs for me from the net
show weather info
I'd like a listing of all train ticket prices for this location please?
What is the current forecast for Minneapolis?
set the default audio setting
delete
the answer is confirmed.
Book a train ticket to boston tomorrow.
what are the news update on BBC
alexa add sam@gmail.com to my contacts list
that's not the right answer.
that is of no importance with me.
Mute please.
evening
is weather normal today?
hmm, i didn't say that.
please check last thing said.
confirm my last command please.
How can I train my dog to do his business in the bathroom?
that is unimportant to me.
Solve this equation: 1+ 1.
olly please can you cancel.
you are my star,, olly.
whats the time in dubai
What can I substitute butter with?
Post to Facebook: I'm home
Cancel schedule for 7 days from today
Turn off my first alarm
What times are my alarms set for
Do I have any event on my calendar tomorrow morning from 10 to 11?
Do I have any new friend requests?
Tell me about the latest sports news
can you stop please.
s1, further rephrase me on last sentence please.
I need to set a reminder on the third of every month to call my doctor.
How old are Kim Kardashian's children?
Cancel dentist appointment for this week.
latest reminder about meeting
good day
s1, please again explain me on this.
i am sorry but you have gotten this incorrectly.
Olly, name me some current events in the Bay Area.
include MIke and jack to festival calender
Do I have any missed call from Patrick
on the plug
that's amazing work, olly.
AN GRAPHICAL IMAGES EFFECTS TO BE REQURIED
Delete everything from my calendar
I want to play blackjack.
Start irobot
Set a reminder for the thirteenth that I have a lunch with Dale.
Create a list of books to be ordered
CANCEL ALL THE MEETING TODAY
this must be some mistake.
you rock,.
Make the lights off
Please turn on fm
that is good one, thanks.
What time is my appointment on x date?
Mobile device explanation.
id like my pda to randomly make jokes unprompted
taxi uber
new to list
What's the weather like outside?
could you check question.
Olly, I would like a cup of coffee with 1 cream and 3 sugars.
Please contact Michael M from my list with this text.
Remove the alarm set for 4:00 am.
Is there a way to check if there is any new news stories to read?
would you please further rephrase me on the last sentence.
i was unclear about what you've said.
Add event to calendar
perfect response to the command.
how wet is going to be this morning?
get me new email
what is elvis favorite ride
this is of no importance.
it does not matter with me.
what is john's last name?
Repeat reminder for Christmas
What did Geraldine Ferraro do after her run for VP?
Send me alert on any new topic on politics
Play the young mummy's podcast.
Space exploration: latest news
Do I have anything scheduled tomorrow from noon to 3:00 PM?
Do you know actor surya?
Olly, order a train ticket to Los Angeles now.
oh it's fantastic.
make me smile by telling a joke
I want to listen to the rap station
it doesn't matter.
Get me the cheapest train ticket that will get me from Miami to Orlando and back.
mute for 15 minutes
Carlos' Linux upgrade email
wouldn't really mind.
What are the latest articles from Yahoo News?
Describe a rotor
if a pencil cost 4$ and a book cost 10$, how much i should pay if i buy 2 pencil and 3 book ?
Please find music by AFI
it is not the correct response.
Rajani khanth new venture
Olly, brew coffee
Check to see if new emails have come from Title 9
Can you see what Andrew emailed me about?
nope, not correct command.
How is the current weather in Washington DC.
Where is the worlds highest falls?
find recent events of the celebrity
Define inflation and describe it's effects on an economy.
synonyms
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at 5
Play madonnas like a virgin
Write a complaint tweet.
PDA: I'm tired of Pandora, please turn on the radio
please email my team
Make the coffee
did you receive this person email?
What are next scheduled events?
you've done the command correcly.
Send complaint via tweet to J Crew.
set a reminder for vacation next month
please once again elaborate.
Show me the list of missed events.
excellent response to the command.
thanks, that's good.
can you check the detail.
Shut off the lights in the bedroom
tell me about any new emails from my boss
All emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday is to be replied.
Resume the song from the audiobook by Madonna
Play squash with me.
Open the contact x(Contact Name) in phonebook
Define logic
it's useful,.
hey, how are you?
Play me some melody song
time between US and canada
PDA, how many calories did I burn with my 50 minutes of yoga?
Notification regarding the new iphone release update
I want to hear my playlist from that artist
Delete my lunch from my calendar scheduled for tomorrow
money exchange
i need a reminder for ,my 5pm meeting
What was the news for today from news provider
Silent mode on for the next three hours.
euro usd?
turn off the living room light
Find me the recipe for a cake
play song from my trance list
How will be today for me
Olly, tweet Apple that the iPhone doesn't work.
whatever is ok, olly.
Please find the most popular store in the area.
show me the top stories from source
Is there any news about the presidency?
Pink nobody knows
Launch game
start a small chart
How is it outside today?
Music from the 1960s
Please tell me how to do my daughters 8th grade math
yeap you understood my instructions correcly.
can you just cancel please.
Let me know on Tuesday if I have messages.
Schedule a meeting with my colleague
I want to invest some money in some of the things I like, what are your best recommendations.
play madonna
What does the list contain
what did you just say.
Olly brew my coffee
Set a reminder for 15 minutes to change laundry loads
what day was it on my birth date?
s1, will you please clarify more on your answers to me.
olly i will talk to you later.
yeah it's good.
add to calendar new event 'thanksgiving'
email joejoe@gmail.com
WHat is the difference between the rate of the American doller and the Pound
New Updates
i do not really bother.
tell me latest election news
How would you describe head cheese?
Let me see the latest in the news.
Play radio on 5.30 on tere nagme show
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI IN UBER FOR ME TO GO TO THE AIRPORT TODAY.
Jack birthday is on 15th march set a reminder
Add Diapers in cosmetic list
I need you to mark next monday
Order a large plain pizza from Mimo's for me.
send email to Chris tell him i will be late
tune best topic.
meetings
please do it again.
Play subway surfer
What meetings are available in March?
Start radio, station 107.5 fm
What is the weather in Pittsburgh
headlines from bbc world
What does the word Hypocrisy mean
Olly, isn't it funny how the weather keeps getting worse.
s2, i couldn't quite catch up with you.
would not really mind to choose any one.
Tweet @mcdonalds your food sucks #nastyburger
i would like to hear the statement you just said again.
How to get somewhere
Delete all item on my calendar for this week.
Give me the release date of this song
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
turn my plug on
what is happening now in world
when is my daughter birthday
Who are the greatest hip hop artists?
What day of the month is Fat Tuesday?
Erase all events on the calendar.
PDA please search for cooking tips
Can I plan basketball match in the evening
Email to Pawel regarding latest news
that is all, just cancel.
New Meeting,add Bill and Malinda as attendees
How old is Barack Obamba?
Olly, how long does it take for the train to get to Orlando?
Did you set the alarm for 5 AM?
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY DAYS IN A LEAP YEAR?
it seems like your response is incorrect.
What's in my inbox since we last looked?
Echo I need you to book a train ticket that leaves at 2 P.M.
Tell me which catering packages are available.
yeah you get the command right.
mileage of BMW cars
7:00
tell me about Rock.!
Play my motivational playlist.
Tell me 10 mineuts before meeting
could you please explain again to me.
Tell me your answer
Play the top 40 radio
do you know how to cook risotto?
anything is good with me, olly.
you are my hero, i appreciate it.
I would like this alarm permanently removed
Olly play a good track from my favourite jazz player
Alexa, save this song as my favorite.
Please add contact e-mail johndoe@yahoo.com to John Doe's contact information.
unset all alarm which is seted
Please set a monthly reminder for paying rent.
how is president's trump office proceeding?
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep.
Is there any news articles on the fire at Pigeon Forge?
do i have an alarm set for today
Scan my inbox for any new emails from Robert.
Olly, give me the news on donald trump
More information on this event...
Lower the lights
can you set my alarm for 7:30 am?
Did Danielle email me today?
i'd like to hear your phrase spoke again.
Set Bob's birthday for every June 3th
PDA will I need my sun glasses today?
show me details of arnold
Dim lights
Weather in Miami
add chives to my shopping list
radio 102.7
Could you order sushi for tonight dinner?
would you confirm the question.
olly would you shut up please.
Can we play a game of hangman?
yes its must
Please send an email to the following email address <insert address here>
Adjust the lights to a lower setting please.
please tell me once more.
Play some carnatic songs
Olly, tell how vegetable is cooked
current local events
Open a reply message
Olly, play CNN news
Can you create a new list in the playlist?
how to go the nearest mall asap?
How does production and population affects us?
It was a bery hectic workday
list the lists i have
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
when is the next blues concert in Liverpool?
i would like to hear what you've just said again.
alexa what is something that is round?
Please open my FM radio and play 98.7.
Make my radio turn on
list next month's events
Need an alarm set for Sunday at 5 in the morning
whatever is fine to me.
'Depending on the role you are going for this will affect your answer
Add to Instagram:
Make sound louder
check and confirm last thing i said please.
How heavy is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas this hour?
show bbc news live
Hey Olly, I need you to make a list of cricket players of Indian team who played for the international team in 2014
what is the difference between roman and grigorean calendar
Alexa is there any stopped traffic on 80 today?
Please give me update of Football
What is the best pizza near me that delivers
remove a specific calender event
any activity in the area?
Play the last played playlist
What time is the next train to Boise?
How old is Jim Carrey?
Remove the appointment with George Adams from my calendar.
i need a manger
i appreciate it, it's wonderful.
send an email to dad how is the weather this week?
thanks but i think you messed up my command.
Hi, What is the hot topic in facebook .
Remove my next scheduled appointment please.
Let's dance
Will there be any 70 degree days next week?
Remember I've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party, let me know the status please
what you just said was not so clear to me.
Book ticket for (location) by train
Play Born to Run from were I stopped
Remove meeting reminder for tuesday
What year did Michael Jackson die?
Do I have any new email from Joe?
Please brief me about this week's weather
Would you please play Aces High?
please would you cancel it.
Cortana, what is the time in London right now?
Show the list of upcoming events
remove my morning alarm
would you check and confirm it please.
PDA I am the living blues.
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
Tweet my complaint to @consumer service
correct last one.
The song playing now is released by which artist?
What's your name
Confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
check and confirm my last question.
play techno music
what meetings do i have this week
Turn the chandelier all the way up
joke of the day
Can you make it a little quieter?
Need Information about events, before shift ends.
sorry but that was not the right command.
remind me when a contact calls
Instagram
dim the lights in the kitchen
s1, please could you elaborate me about your words once again.
can you check and confirm detail please.
weather news
Turn on new smart socket
i think got that wrong.
i'd like you confirm it please.
Turn on the Wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
send an e-mail
send email to my wife
Please remove march 19ths scheduled event
you rock, musch appreciated, olly.
Is there going to be fog in the morning?
i need to turn the lights down
What's the time of day right now?
can you tell me one more again.
Is traffic to work clear?
tell me everything about Albert Einstein
Email family
what are you?
Hey PDA, What are my lists?
Show me the time in New York City.
that was not what i meant.
play album
sorry but i think you've gottten that wrongly.
opinion about latest gadgets.
thank you for helps.
Tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
Play station gx in the radio
i want to hear a funny joke
radio 95.5
what is that.
Can you increase the brightness in the room?
PDA, what is a pressure washer?
Tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality.
I want a nerd joke
Please put FM channel 93.8
what is planned for today in my local area
Continue the Smurfs book.
whatever would be good to me.
it is perfect work, musch appreciated, olly.
Schedule a meeting on Tuesday
Will the world come to an end? When?
Is there any news of the newest game coming out.
Play me a random audio book that has to do with love.
On Monday, the 20th, I need to have a conversation with Greg about our weekend trip.
I want to start a new list of power tools on sale at True Value.
yeap you have done answer exactly.
What time is my meeting?
Open up tetris.
please can you replay.
Which river in Germany is the biggest?
What is the weather forecast for Chicago?
sports head lines pls
a good first impression
what is the hobby of ajay devgn
i need a recipe of Veg pulav
Turn off bedroom fan
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
what date is today
How old is Mary S?
i am sorry but that's not the correct response.
Describe Death
Shut down the plug
set frequency of the radio
PDA, Give me the recipe for this food.
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
Forward email to liz
show usd currency value of eur
what is date today
Open CNN app
sorry but you have messed up the command.
Please play the next episode
Send me a reminder for my meeting tonight
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
Let me know the morning of my doctor appointment on the 12th.
olly just cancel please.
What does rice wine go with?
What's on today's schedule?
PDA use this program
What's the news in politics?
PDA turn light off
How many continents are there?
Weather in Homestead
Who sings the song about a long black train?
Is the city  hot or cold in terms of temperature .If it is a coastal area,then is the humidity high or low.
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY MICHAEL JACKSON FAVORITE SONG.
Play for me American Idol show
you did awesome work, musch appreciated, olly.
Play the radio music band.
i was not so clear about this.
remind upcoming meeting with eminem
Tweet complain @comcast
UEFA European Championship
Remove upcoming task.
I like Senatra songs
Play 103.7 FM.
cancel list
would you please clarify me about the last sentence again.
What is today's weather forecast?
Get me a taxi to the airport right now?
Please play my favorite song by Bruno Mars.
will you check and confirm my last command.
wouldn't bother.
What is the current state of Brexit negotiations?
would you retry.
Tell me what's going on in my city
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
Change the lights into green
What size is a sperm whale?
could not understand it.
what did you mean by it.
look out for customer complaint cell and use the options
Tell me the weather in Miami Florida.
Olly it's too dark I can't even see my hands
could you just cancel it please.
Resuming playing my current audio book.
Hi there,Congratulate me I got a promoted in my job at office
yes that's confirmed.
Please tell me what's on the list
it's nice one, thank you very much.
please will you say once again.
Tell me when there is new news about Donald Trump
Please start the next podcast episode.
s2, i can't quite catch up with you.
make coffee for me
i would like you to check and confirm that please.
send mail to ismail for office opening time table.
i do not catch that.
Check emails, new
could you please check and confirm instruction.
PDA please email
it doesn't matter to me.
Check for recent news stories on MSNBC
Anything on your mind.
sorry but i think it is not right command.
How tall is Lebrom James
i think that's not correct answer.
Make the speaker volume on maximum
How often do you complete updates?
I like Jazz
convert 21:30 from GTM 4:00 to GMT 4:30
yeap you have understood my instructions exactly.
will it be rainy tomorrow?
Set volume to zero.
Delete event for November
it is not the right command.
Alexa, give me updates on the presidential candidate race.
Give me notifications when I get any news from the Starbucks I applied to.
8 AM Manila time is what in Eastern time?
were any new emails received
tell me background family of selena gomez
Tell me what's happening on Instagram
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
On Febuary 14th make dinner reservations at the restaurant.
i want to hear the last one spoken again.
I enjoy 80's music.
Send email to Mom and tell her see her at Disney World
lower the light intensity
What trending on twitter?
Tell me about Joose.
open image post
I am unavailable from 4 to 6 in the evening tomorrow. Mark my calendar.
alexa tweet my latest draft to @nsa
Switch on the roomba.
Play my prefered song
What are all of the items on my list?
is it raining?
mute the speaker please
Where did he was yesterday?
what is going for tommorow
raise the light.
how far is france from miami
We're cancelling the Boatman project.
what ingredients do I need for tomato soup
Can you brighten up the lights please?
Could you skip ahead to the next episode?
remind me when XXX sends me an email
My events
What are the most economical card to buy right now?
using my apps
Look up recipes for four-cheese omelette.
Update on email.
Delete all the events of today
any one would be fine with me.
could you check last thing i said please.
Tell me how to make a poor boy sandwich.
today's closing price for GOOGL
I wish to go for cheap shopping, is there any $1 shop nearby?
How do I get home from here?
How much money in US would I need to have a thousand pesos?
Delete all my calendar entries.
check new message in inbox.
Set up a meeting with my Tanya for every Thursday at 10 AM.
When is my next work day?
show me the recipe for cookies
i could not quite catch up with you.
Get rid of my wake up alarm set for Saturday.
cancel please.
Why do we continue to have Daylight Savings Time?
thanks but i think it was not the right answer.
Please turn off only Right side light
Play the song i didn't hear from last month
Play me my favourite radio show.
cooking recipe
have no idea about what to do, olly.
how warm is it now
Turn the living rooms lights off.
remind me to take out the trash
confirm it please.
Bring up a new shopping list.
Olly delete everything on the menu
I have a doctor's appointment with Dr. Barlease tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
alarm time for 12pm
tell me about alarms
v8 belongs on this week's grocery list.
i'd like to hear your last the procedure spoken again.
Is Alex saved in my contacts list.
tweet at company
it was helpful, appreciated.
Find a recipe for a romantic dinner for two
remove trip event
s2, i am unclear about what you just said now.
how many likes did i get today
that was great, thank you.
Add event for this evening, meeting with Jake.
What is todays weather?
When is the birthdate of Taylor Lautner?
I want to bright the room more
LIGHTS turn off
initiate vacuum clener
vacuum on
how do i make <unk>
Please hold for the next hour
Ok Google! how long should i bake ziti in the oven?
wish all my friends of facebook good morning
give me the time in washington
I want you to remove the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
Play some rock music
Send a happy birthday message to my aunt.
Go and make me a coffee
Will I need sunblock this weekend?
Play Hopsin from my Latest playlist.
add 'happy new year' to calender
change my room lights to blue.
Olly, I feel like dancing, play me some rock n roll.
Add pastries to the Christmas list
Find me my dad's email address
I want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me, like how often I've eaten out this month.
Order a meal from a nice restaurant
Please play clash of clans
Delete that from my calendar
sorry but it's not the right answer.
will you check and confirm last thing said.
don't bother, olly.
hey PDA play crazy by britney spears
What is the current temperature in Austin, TX?
Have I received new emails?
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
when was the us got fredom
how are the top 10 stocks at the moment?
Look for train tickets to <city> tomorrow
Which is the song playing now?
are you there
How is the traffic around city center.
Please give me information next movie of aamir khan
What defines a triangle?
Will it rain Saturday?
could you confirm that please.
I have an appointment tommorrow, remind me
How can we prepare biriyani
can you find me a train ticket to go to las vegas
Set event on repeat
Play list of music from avatar
please repeat.
Cancel meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
Explain to me how a clock works in precise detail.
s1, could you please elaborate me on this further.
Give me today's football match scorecard
Tell me the time in another city in US
Please add deodorant to my shopping list.
Check calendar for schedules or events
Start podcast from my favorites list
i like this song plesse save
Showtimes for nearest theater
When did I get an email from John Smith about car accident
How do I cook a hard boiled egg?
tell me that one more time again please.
PDA, how do I start the robot vacuum cleaner?
it's excellent, appreciated.
Can you turn that down
Please find today's forecast
REMOVE ICECREAM FROM GROCERY
Olly, tell me where Steve Jobs was born.
Is it sunny outside at this moment?
load my playlist titled country favorites and play it
Automobiles
Send a test email to test3@gmail.com
Play episode 10 in the podcast
Please put the following event in my calendar on this date, and then place it in the calendar every week thereafter.
Add new item
how is the traffic today
Who is the artist of the current song playing?
Do you feel more like a machine or a person?
Play a song from  Illaiyaraja's composition
emails in the last 10 minutes
it was cool, thanks.
PLEASE TWEET ABOUT OUR BAD EXEPERNICE OF THE VODAFONE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Help microphone
What is the Netflix stock price.
Show me the train schedules to the Metropolitan Opera House.
i would not know.
What is the latest local news for the Greenville area?
Add the song to my favorites
have no idea, olly.
Turn on the fan socket
Open my contact list
Next
How long should I cook a steak to be medium?
How many unread messages have i got PDA?
Is the answer of 5+2, 7?
please create new list
yeah exactly.
How long will it take to get to Austin, TX?
list events nearby NY
Show me the most trending articles for today
yeap wonderful response to the command.
I am going to Chinatown in half an hour, book an Uber for me.
it must be some mistake.
Schedule meeting with manager tomorrow at 2 pm
thanks but i think it was not the right command.
Show me what shops are around me.
set reminder anna for every monday
order me postmates of mcdonald
I WANT YOU TO ANALYZE THE PATTERN FOR ME TO BUY LOTTERY TICKET WHICH NUMBER WILL GET THE FIRST PRIZE.
Can you please read the my Mom sent this morning at 10am
qwetqwtewqtw
Remind me about meeting next week
yeah you have got my instructions perfectly.
What time is it in the Central timezone?
remind me for making call to all participants
Is that person living currently ,If yes where and how old is that person now.
confirmed.
is the pound up or down against the dollar?
turn off lights
What is the current show with the maximum viewers choice on television
What's on my grocery list?
Play song Aces High
search for X
Give five stars to this song!
that's useful, thanks, olly.
is 24 th on Tuesday ?
Best reviews, restaurant, south sacramento
Who do I have new email from?
PDA please set up the usual meeting event for our business trips.
Tell me who has the most number one hits on the billboard top 20.
Show me the today's world news
look up a lamp
Do I have the address for the apple store in my contacts?
Olly  what time are the meetings happening next week?
Who is the most frequently called person in my phone book?
excellent response.
If the object is for sale, then what is the price.
Set brightness to 50%
Initiate polling for new email
near pizza shops
Just delete the next engagement event
How come you assistants are never male?
Can i get the directions to the nearest bar.
Show me the time.
Notify me when the event is going to take place
you did good job,, olly.
olly that is enough.
s1, again explain to me please.
Where is a great pub
How do you make vegetarian lasagna?
Could you remind me to take the bins out on thursday
send a reply if it is very important
forward email
Who emailed me recently and what did they email about?
s1, please can you clarify me more on your words.
What is the weather for the school week?
what is weather today?
stop, i think that's not the correct command.
Search Google Shopping for the best price on a Monoprice MXBlue Mechanical Keyboard
add wine to list
Olly what is the nearest mexican restaurent in Cleveland?
What time is it in Tokyo, Japan?
Please pull up the article on dog sitting in the morning news.
Open parcheese game for you and i.
my party list
please would you confirm it.
What is the timer in Japan?
wake me up at 4am
appreciate your help.
Please mute yourself.
describe about the computer hard disk
will i need sunblock this afternoon
Do I have any reminders for today?
What year was Mark Wahlberg born?
Call a taxi to pick me up right now.
play Third Day
Could you list out the list of trains heading to XX the day after?
sorry but i think you did not instruction the request right.
Play my most listened songs
What's my next scheduled alarm?
Turn bedroom lights off
would you confirm command please.
What is the current weather condition in my place
play playlist number 7
again.
pause, put this song on after this song
Hi, what's going on
Play WXYZ.
Play Prairie Home Companion on the car radio.
Please cancel my next meeting
hi google this song is too noisy
Please start me some coffee.
what's the weather today?
Create a notification reminder for meeting tomorrow
Send email to Robert, 'What time is dinner?'
Remove the alarm
please increase the light of table lamp
HOW YOU HAVE SOLVE THE PROBLEM
can you tell me my reminders today
hmm, i think incorrect.
What is on my playlist of movies on the the DVR?
inbox this mail.
Make my lights green.
Check for new emails
Set track 28 in music player on repeat.
math courses
Tell me about all pending reminders.
put a disco track
Turn the lights off in the living room.
i do not care, olly.
play {song title} by {artist}
What does serendipitous mean?
write complaint to wallmart
play lady gaga starting with poker face
Set a notification for 11 March that an interview is scheduled with Mr. Rodriguez.
MAKE A NOTE THAT I NEED TO CALL JANE LATER
try it one more time please.
What is the time in Paris?
Baking times for chicken in the oven.
Olly what mexican food is around me?
How cold is it outside today
are there any accidents on Harvard?
Which event should I attend in my area?
try what i've just said one more time again.
Add podcast favourites to playlist and start.
Show traffic
i like you just stop.
answer this mathematical question.
try again please.
Who is Janet Jackson currently dating or married to?
Search and play the best of Mike Eden songs.
Do I have any emails in the last hour?
Save the date October 1st Ann and I are going to lunch at 2pm
PDA: Whats on my grocery list
What is the sum of $15.99 and $6.65?
I need the most recent stories from Yahoo! News.
Tell me the last message
Where is Ashwin?
Olly make me a cup of coffee
Give me weather condition of Manhattan
few traffic roads
really wouldn't mind, olly.
Book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may 2 for stored passenger list
have no idea for what to choose.
remind me after 10mins
delete my to do list
can you reply to the email?
what is the latest on cnn
Hey go from off to ON my vaccuum in 5 minutes
When is the next office meeting?
Play Taylor Swift music
will you check and confirm command please.
Quiet please.
Are there any recall news?
tune me song in radio.
Olly, let's play some blues.
Olly, please tweet at bestbuy that I am not happy with their service today.
please remove event name
erase item from list
s2, do not get the last sentence.
Will you send the email to Greg?
What video game should I play next?
send and email to the survey group regarding answers
switch on the wemo plug
Hello hello
tune in to npr
i like you to check that please.
what are my meetings in the coming week
please rephrase more on what you just said now.
What is the exchange rate of currency in UK
could you say what you said one more time again.
Change the station to 82.4
thank you so much for reminding me of it.
When was Angelina Jolie born
How's are the roads looking right now?
Who is highest scoring football player of all time?
Please play anything by AFI
Start Robot Vacuum cleaner.
Go back
would you repeat the last please.
Please define_____?
clear schedule
Up coming events
Delete everything in my calendar.
PDA, Let's take over the world together.
that was amazing.
yes fantastic response.
Play pop music.
Did you hear about
s1, will you rephrase your answer once again to me.
What email notifications do I have?
YE SONG MERA FAVORITE HAI MAIN ESSE BAHUT BAAR SUN CHUKA HU.
Tweet @Wendys that I don't like their product
What is the weather next week in Pasadena, CA?
Thursday at 2pm I must meet with Mr Fox, please mark the calendar.
Can you get me a cup of coffee
list the items on my shopping list olly
How long does train A take to get to station B?
just cancel please.
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in Benton AR
Did I get any emails from Sam today?
Do I have repair work today?
Notification regarding the new movie releases
do not really mind to choose any one.
Play for me American Idol on Television
Please give me all shop names in a 2 mile radius
it's pleasant today.
PDA, why is kirsten dunst so ugly?
Give me the latest news
Siri, what is $10 in Rubels?
Can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
Is it cloudy today, Is the wind calm today
Uae time
can you clarify more on what you've said to me please.
Restart audiobook.
when did this song come out
when is the kiss concert?
Do a tournament with me in Candy Crush
Open memo add note about my meeting
Where was Bill Clinton born?
would you confirm detail.
Alexa turn off the livingroom lights.
Convert time zone to ist
PDA, tell me the weather for this week.
what time do I have a doctors appointment on the 22nd
you don't get me.
I want the speakers turned up high.
Take off item 3
Air pollution
I want to hear The Bob Cesca show
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train?
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
did not get what you said now.
are you sure thats correct.
who are you
batminton
Book a train ticket to Canada this evening
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
Look up Jim's email and reply that I don't know.
can you shut up please.
give the stock price details of Motorolla.
Remember me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
Olly you need to give me different directions
newyork
i would like you just stop it.
Play Dr. Demento on my bedside radio.
Move forward 10 minutes in this podcast.
March 10th lands on what day of the week?
Remind me about my anniversary in one day advance.
what is the climate here today
Hey google, I hit a million dollar lottery jackpot
When is my order arriving.
what is the sensex and nifty points for today.
What reminders do I have scheduled before noon tomorrow?
that's awesome, thank you very much.
did i get an email from Mike
Raise volume to level 7 on music player
What is the schedule of the next Maggie Rogers concert?
Give me the home location of Tom Hanks.
gossiping about celebrities
what are my top played podcasts
Stop/ play
s1, again rephrase me about your answer please.
fun things to do today
go to menu
what is the definition of pda
What is wake up time?
Apply search and check
please change the incorrect command.
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR OSCWAL PIPES.
Where is Obama from?
Give me the specs on the Bugatti Veyron.
Can you please play the next episode of Food Stuff
Tell me something about
Do not play rock metal
How do we organize against Trump?
What will the weather be tomorrow?
tell me when the event starts
What's the time in New york?
Add a lot of James Taylor, Joni MItchell and Cat Stevens to the playlist.
PDA, can you look up train ticket prices for me?
say one more again.
How much is $50 in Pounds?
Make a laundry setting for the volume at 20.
Please make me updated about today's scenario.
What new movies are good?
can you rephrase me on last sentence again.
Tell me more about that concert
how big is russia
that's wonderful.
Olly, write a small text on Facebook
Whose song is this, PDA?
what day is new year's eve this year?
Whats the weather now?
Let's listen to some jazz
i was unclear about your words.
give me more information about the scheduled event on the 30th of march alexa
Grubhub order
please ring the wake up alarm at 8 am next saturday
please can you once again elaborate your response.
what are todays top podcasts
search X in contacts
When are the trains running tomorrow?
remove the old music list
Tell me Mary's cell number?
cancel the event 'valentine's day' from the calender
play lupe
Did I get an email about a job offer?
add a meeting with my mother for next sunday
email Chris, add following content
update work out list with new items
Could you please find me the latest news from a source that I do not usually go to?
is there show on my list.
Show me what time it is!
Any new mail since last time
check my last command please.
Have I received any emails in the past 2 hours
Keep mu up to date on the election news.
Spelling
run recent email
Turn on the radio to a classical station.
Does Fongs do carry out?
Please tell me what time it is in Denver?
Remind me when the concert tickets go on sale
reset all events in calender
it's good one, thank you.
What is the time in Geneva?
great job, you did well, olly.
Start vacuuming
Remove a list of accessories purchase last week.
Why is the sky blue?
object info
Tell me about the vote on healthcare
I want to add a lunch date with mike, jim, and bob
How is pork tenderloin cooked
sorry but this is wrong.
show conversion rate of USD and INR
Write an email, recipient, Ray.
Cnn latest headlines
biography of person
Restart American Gods.
yes wonderful response.
On the fifth of November, I need to go to Washington, D.C.
wanna netflix and chill?
find details about President Barrack Obama
can you please confirm details.
Is 21st of the week is Saturday?
Alexa, please save the current song to favorites.
Remind me to take my medicine every day at 7PM for the next two weeks.
could you check and confirm last thing i said.
Olly call me a taxi to the airport at 5am
please take me to Wall Street journal
What day of the week is 30th
Let's hear WXYZ
I'd like to know more about the scheduled event...
Let me know when charges hit my credit card.
Remove event from my list
thanks but i think that's not the correct answer.
In March what meetings are available?
Let's have the radio on.
can you please check what i last said.
Please delete all calendar events
please can you confirm what i just said.
mobile shop
resume series podcast
Start my robert vacuum cleaner by 10 to 11 am daily.
Current time?
i do not think that was correct.
you have understood my instructions correcly.
resume harry potter book 5
save <unk>
olly will you stop.
PDA: Make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color, please
Siri what is the elevation of Denver Colorado?
local shops
tell comcast their customer service is slow
does not really matter to me, olly.
definition for object name
searching for any special holidays for US country
Update Outlook mailbox
Did Prince have children?
I would like you to check my emails.
play country radio
look for different recipes
I want the coffee machine to make me coffee.
Olly can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies?
Add shopping to my calendar for tomorrow.
where is my 12pm meeting today happening?
Talk to me, PDA.
Show me my playlist
Let's play Checkers.
Create a new list, please
Olly, what's next?
Takeaway : Noodles 1 pack
would not really mind for any one, olly.
Tweet Comcast to say their service is down.
compose an email to _____
any one would be good for me.
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro currently?
it's cool, thanks, olly.
Send an email to Ms. Palmer, ask her if Dean turned in his last homework assignment.
Lower the volume.
really i don't mind.
Meet James at Mill Creek Cinema in McKinleyville California at 9pm
Olly recommend me a restaurant in west chester
want to play music
Give me news from CNN.
mute audio
His new award?
How is the weather right now?
please play the radio gaga song
s2, i was unclear about what you've said.
Read my most recent emails
What should I wear today?
Do I have any emails from hongbin.
Please create a new tweet
locate my podcast
this does not matter to me, olly.
When does Olive Garden close today?
Send email to Mom starting with the subject: Vacation.
i like R n B
What the weather like in your vacation.
Do I have a doctor's appointment this Thursday?
listen again that answer was wrong.
How high is Pikes Peak?
alexa should i bring extra water with me today?
can you confirm it.
Can you please turn up the lights
Was anyone arrested at the protest today in Chicago?
Is it supposed to rain tonight?
Search: matthews, deadlines.
Send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
Was it windy yesterday?
What movies is Kevin Spacey in?
Change the light to blue
start complaint to walmart
show traffic in ohio
meeting tuesday noon
Recommend songs based on my playlist?
olly put wash the car to my to do list
howmany 3 are available in 27
Olly, can you please make me a cup of black coffee?
Take lunch meeting off my calendar.
I can't hear you speak up.
Delete the work luncheon this Friday.
find me news about BREXIT
please remind me at 5pm today that i have an event at 8 am in the morning
If you mix a velociraptor and a hippo together, what would happen?
yeap you've got your understanding right.
it was cool, thank you, olly.
Is California between Nevada and New York?
s1, would you further explain me about your response please.
I want to listen to Electric Slide
Cortana, can you turn on Pandora?
Louder volume please
play a rai music
alexa how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
Has anything new happened with _____?
have any suggestions for local Italian food
ARE YOU SET RADIO ON MY FAVORITE RADIO STATION?
Ok Google, play Howard Stern
What's the stock price of (insert)
How long before my order is delivered?
Is it probable that there would be rain in the forecast today?
i don't really mind for any one.
What is the departure time for the next train leaving New York City?
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
Google chrome
start over.
What is photosynthesis
Google do I have any appointments on my calendar for Friday?
no, wrong answer.
What time are the hockey games tonight?
Do I have any birthday today?
Will it rain tomorrow?
Give me dark
i think you don't get answer right.
Add the following date and time to my calendar
olly search for pink's youtube channel
Can you play my favorite audio book of Harry Potter?
write email to my company mate to submit the task tomorrow.
How many numbers are saved for Alex.
please check for new email
should i wear a coat to the pool
yeah it's exact.
News from State Paper
prepare a new list
wake me up at eight o'clock
what should I make for dinner?
Please add (event) to calendar
Is this the hottest day in Mangalore
What date is it?
Please send pedro a email about his car
Remove events.
i can not understand what you said.
Tell Apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
What events are going in my town this week
don't really mind for any one, olly.
Stop powering the wemo socket.
add event ann to calandar
How old is Hugh Jackman?
Set a timer for 5 minutes for cookies
what are the ingredients neccesary
you did awesome work, thank you very much.
May 22 is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is 23rd may
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
Am I busy today?
Where is Yellowstone park?
check and confirm last thing said please.
This song should be on my playlist
hi,please send mail to sam by evening
What is happening on Facebook?
it was wonderful.
Where can I find the nearest Irish pub in my area?
Is the drought in California over?
Include this event in my calendar.
Please add note to this file, good tune.
hi, please remind the next meeting with my boss It will be at 11 am next monday
start drama from radio
what is the square of 4
i'd like you to confirm what just said please.
will you please check that.
Siri, what does obstacle mean?
it doesn't matter, olly.
Give me up-to-date on sports news
cancel all alarms
hey siri clear my next appointment off of my calkendar
Tweet this: Sick today.
Play Rush Limbaugh
check and confirm the instruction.
what is the current stock price of....
you did nice work, thanks.
i would like you to check the question please.
Today feels like hard rock.
What is that on the list?
you've done it right thank you.
PDA, cut the lights off
Loop this track.
Arrange a meeting on Monday
Help me find transportation to the Mall of America.
Send email to GBaby tell her GMa loves her and hopes she has a great weekend
tweet error of  phone to samsung
i am sorry but you do not get the command right.
Is everyone on my Facebook list watching the game?
Do you think i should go to the theater today?
whats the definition of indignation
What is this weeks weather forecast?
could you please confirm what i said.
i am sorry but i think you don't get answer right.
I want to find emails from bob with the subject that contains the word meeting.
Open a new email to contact.
What do we have on NYT's front page
activate robot vacuum
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
Is it currently snowing?
Is it going to snow tomorrow?
Can you pull up information on the singer(s) of this song?
I would like to hear bohemian raphsody
Have I set any alarms in the morning?
Send email to new email address
that's wrong.
Can you play kxly for me?
Do you want to play solitaire
hi, what is going on today.
Alexa, I want this event to be reminded throughout this month
reviews of the restaurants
I WANT TO SLOW DOWN MY SPEAKER.
Did I leave myself any reminders?
Remove next Monday's meeting
make a contrast one
Start my folk song list right after this song
replay what i've just said please.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Japanese Yen
I want some information on john lennon
not correct command.
Please give me the best garlic bread recipe.
PDA, how old was David Bowie when he died?
you have done that correctly thank you.
My day was stressful
Remove grocery list
What day does June 27th 2017 fall on this year?
Is there a training scheduled for tomorrow?
Look up whether or not Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
please turn off all the lights in the house
Delete the grocery list.
how is pav bhaji cooked?
please elaborate that once again.
Turn on the wemo plug socket.
Could you please remove the set of alarms between 8 and 9?
Play adele hello
Reduce light intensity
I need you to turn off the light of my bed room
find list and remove apple
Do I need to bring my snow jacket today?
Resume audiobook please
yeah it's confirmed.
ute me about <unk>
thanks for your answer.
will you do it again.
temperature in Augusta GA
clear all data from calendar
would you confirm my last instruction please.
yes you have got the answer correcly.
How can I cook pasta?
Play music from my rock list
review
The list should contain this item.
What's the latest headline ?
Do I have any events happening next week?
please lights less brighter
Hi Siri, post my last clicked photo on facebook with title Marry Christmas
please confirm my last instruction.
Porn
it's not what i was searching for.
Check my to do list
Are there any local events being put on tonight?
House, change all lights to blue.
do i need to carry an umbrella today.
I need to send an email to Bob
Give me a recipe for lasagne
PDA no notifications for 5 minutes
Does it offer pick up?
can you say one more time again please.
olly i want you just stop.
give me the weather for merced at 3:00 pm
How much was airtel sold for sometime back?
where do you live?
Next episode please.
Delete the party on June 1st from my calendar.
Tell me about things to do in London
Olly, please tweet a complaint about a store i visit
the song in background is cool
Add Event on Ausgut 21 at 9am
what are my new emails
How do you road lamb?
change lighting colours
can you write an email to Chelsea
Play a pop station on the radio
Play something random from Google Play
please could you check and confirm my last instruction.
hey olly what has been happening interesting in sports lately
where the meeting will be
Give a last minute update on incoming emails please.
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tommorrow
What's up with my order?
by Hide
sorry but it is wrong.
Which Mountain range is the largest?
What bands are playing in town this weekend?
Add a new email in my contacts from John
Switch off
please set the equalizer in the party mode.
Will it be raining tomorrow.
centre of browsing
Turn off my desk lamp.
Who am I meeting today?
Send a response to my last email.
Show me whats happening
Expired products in recent market
couldn't understand what you just said now.
Turn on an alarm for 3:30pm today
create calendar event
could you please check what said.
Is there any interesting event nearby me?
Please remove the KICKBALL list from my contacts grouping.
whats going on on fb
are all programs in line
PDA check someones recent emails
Olly, what is the stock price of Apple?
olly could you shut off please.
Should I take an umberlla today?
Alexa, Send the mail to Robert about his availability on saturday
What is the temperature right now?
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
Are there any emails from the school about my conference?
Please play Thriller.
uh no, you gave me not correct information.
What is the longest day of the year?
Google search, booking train ticket
What's playing?
Please play a podcast
Please decrease the volume of this song
following scenario to answer questions
Go to the last episode.
book a cab to office for me
I need Jacket after 10 Am or not.
Do i have emails from this sender
i think you did a mistake, please fix this.
please check what i just said.
Bruce lee
I like the background song
keep playing the episodes in order
s1, please once again clarify to me.
What is the definition of session
Get the latest news about formula one racing please.
would you tell me one more time please.
alexa put shoes on my list
you have done it correctly thank you, olly.
Please find out the share price of IBM in Nasdaq
What's the best way to cook pasta?
Check emails for last hour
What song is that?
alexa event calendar monas wedding tuesday
How much traffic is there right now in Bowery street?
yeah that's fantastic.
How do you feel today
Change the light color to White
Show us red.
Order one coffee to Starbucks coffee shop
Train times location
Set up the meeting with Justin and Katrina.
Delete next event on calendar
say some jokes
Please turn on the music player.
please could you check details.
I have a department head meeting Friday at 9:00 am sharp.
check and confirm the detail please.
my trip to goa photo,post it on instagram.
What is the best meatball recipe?
Help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies.
Check time of 10887 train From Luni station on Tuesday
The time difference between Lagos and New York is what?
when is the bill cycle
Make the bedroom lights light blue
olly can you shut down.
alexa how would you describe a ball?
Play lady now
play run
thanks but that's not the right command.
give me the list of available train tickets from A to B
What is the 5 days forecast looking like in New York City?
Have I gotten any mail recently?
delete {item} from list
i have to wear a jacket in the morning?
you have that incorrectly.
I want the room to be less bright
tell me the movie with best IMDB ratings going on in theatres near me
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
Show me my meetings this Friday
Is there takeaway at Papa John's?
PDA, Can you tell me a nice joke?
Set up each <day>> at <time> for
show weather
yeah it's fantastic.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Dallas, Texas?
It was a work load day.
What is happening in the world today?
USA Today Headlines
play music by skrillex
Open the playlist
Could you tell me the meaning of the word exorbitant
set reminder for tomorrows meeting with {client name}
Is the 23rd on the weekend?
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
What time do I have down for Susan's Party?
play 97.1
read freds emails
whats meaning of this
Olly, Lets hear WGRR 103.5
What's the weather like right now?
PDA, Taxi, now.
are you serious.
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
what time is it in New york
wake up olly
Echo play Best Friends by Yelawolf.
Book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
it does not really matter with me.
Delete all recurring staff meetings
well done, appreciated, olly.
what is the deepest point on earth?
Remind me to go to dinner with Dave on friday at 5:00PM
set an alarm for two hours from now
What kinds of sunglasses are considered aviators?
Hey olly play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
confirm my last command.
Call a car for me
I want to know the news form Miami Herald
Change light whenever I find myself in my house
I need to make a grocery list.
how is the traffic on Harvard?
you did all wrongly.
Tell me about Narendra Modi.
Start game temple runner
DEA: Guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
Will the tempature be in the 80's today
What happened to Charlie Chaplin?
yeap good response to the command.
you are the best,.
It would be nice if you could play with my kids
Hey PDA!
Stock rate of facebook
What is Starbuck's stock worth?
play my country favorites playlist for me
please set the alarm for next morning to 7 am
Brew some coffee
PDA: Can you turn off the living room lights?
please change the command.
Weather for the next week in New York
olly could you shut up.
Remind me of my sister's birthday party tomorrow an hour before it starts.
I want to hear some music.  Turn on the radio.
Shuffle songs by Coldplay
May i know my future schedules?
ticket for bombay
Do I have a busy day today?
send an email to john (body)
Tell me the time in jakarta.
What is johncena
economic affairs
How do I bake a potato?
Mute speaker
sorry but you had me wrongly.
can you please confirm last thing i said.
Any cultural events in california?
What is the time in L.A.
Do I have any more emails?
Where is baseball practice happening tomorrow?
you have done it all wrongly.
Is it going to rain in Manhattan today?
Please tell me the latest on the Houston Texans draft picks.
give me the exchange rate between <unk>
Play scrabble with me
set a remainder of the day
Reply to most recent email
Remove that event from my calendar
you understood command exactly.
Olly, lower the lights please.
Ok Google, play audiobook {title}
What's my schedule today?
Can you tell me the next scheduled event?
play one love
Create a new grocery list
Is it a soft evening tonight?
show me recent news on particular subject
Do I need to bring a coat out tonight?
Did you meet her?
Start my jazz playlist
How many euros can I get for 1 dollar?
Remove all the events on my calendar
Hey, what are you up to?
i just ordered food, call and see it has been delivered
Let me hear my no. 1 favorite play list
Set the alarm for two hours from now
meeting with Joe next week tuesday
how does it look like.
List and play all Theory podcasts under 10 min
thanks but i think you have me wrongly.
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic?
Order me a large ham and olive pizza from Dominos.
What is the headline from today's morning local news?
Should I wear rain boots?
Play Enrique Iglesias song after this one.
book a train ticket to Mumbai for tomorrow
How much Euros per USD today?
How was your day?
the lights are too bright
Begin vacuuming.
HOW THE PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING HOW YOU WOULD HELP
delete all events from calender
pls play some music
Delete all scheduled events
Choose a brighter color for reading.
What is the funniest joke ever?
prepare coffee
Did Charlotte responded?
Can you show me a list of all my recent commands?
show latest emails
Include this item.
attenuate the lights
play music composed by some one, giving short hint about the album.
What is the weather going to be like this week.
Book a train ticket from Washington DC to Savannah Georgia
Tell me about new emails.
add this to a list
Tell Walmart they're bad
Please send an e-mail to Larry's new e-mail at XXXX@gmail.com
book a rental cab of Uber
Do they have any events going on downtown this weekend?
rephrase further to me please.
Could you get me some coffee
I want you to create a list for me
Current price of coca cola stock
slow rock it's ok
book an uber to pick me up now
replace color from light to dark
would not mind.
Did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar?
I want to order some food
Enable cleaner robot
really i would not mind, olly.
can you shut down.
What is the population of Russia
How long will my lunch meeting be on Tuesday?
yeap you get it correcly.
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
i think you did not get the answer right.
again clarify me on your answers please.
yes good response.
sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
yeah get it perfectly.
Will the UV Index be above 8 today?
it is helpful,, olly.
ask a shopping malls in my area
Save this music to my favorites.
please read me my alarms
I am grateful if you call the amazon customer service
s2, that was not clear to me.
d
Please delete the last song that played from the playlist.
my expenses
Is there anything left on my list?
you do not understand what i just said.
tell me it again please.
i couldn't get what you just said now.
s2, i was unclear about your response.
say what you've said one more time again please.
Play hip hop music
i didn't ask for it command.
how is the weather outside
play the next show on podcast.
PDA, turn the radio to kiss fm.
how old is Emma Watson newest boyfriend?
Search for a good nerd joke.
shit, you have done this all incorrectly.
birthday
can you shut down please.
What's the definition of a buffet table
What is the total number of Oceans in the world?
PLEASE TWEET FOR ME ABOUT THE BAD SERVICE RENDED BY THE TAJ RESTURANT.
alexa give me the definition for the world pontificate
i could not understand what you have said.
Hey Olly, what time does the next train depart?
Whay is the geographic area of Sudan
Speaker volume (increase/decrease)
Which song is currenly playing.
check detail.
Any new e-mails?
Can you delete all events from my calendar?
How to get to Cracow before noon by train
Are there any forecasts of rain or snow this week?
Take away from the list all food items with prefix dry
Emails
that's excellent.
Please give me all updates on the election.
is michael jackson really dead
that's helpful, appreciated.
Set a reminder to x thing every x days.
I want to listen to podcast about rock n roll.
Replace the old light with new powerful light
display my lists
hmm, you have made mistake, please fix it.
play old classic music
WETHER IN UK IS COLD
how tall is Mel Gibson
What is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
reset alarm
tell me what reminders I have for today
just cancel.
please remove my alarm
yes you got answer correcly.
Whats happening in my day
What time does the match start
What was the temperature in Newyork this morning
Recommend a movie which is released last Friday
Please find information about the Zach Brown concert on June third.
that's not what i wanted to see.
What is Mary Smith's telephone number?
Can you set the location to my sisters house for this event?
would you reset what i have just said please.
do i have an appointment next wensday
Play the last album on a loop
PDA please define this
that's not what i am searching for.
Email John saying I'm on Leave
What is the title and artist of this song?
play any pop fm channel
Gather all my songs from Madonna
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
Let me see my most recent emails
would you try the last utterance spoken once more please.
Open Calculator
Change the light color to blue
olly please shut off.
fantastic response to command.
Do you know the ETA of my order?
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
TELL ME WHAT TIME IS IT?
count down for the birthday of XXXXXXXX
Siri, what is $10 in Ten?
AAJ BAHUT HI GARMI HAI, HAI KI NAHIN ?
What's going on Facebook?
Where are rthe best co-working spots in the neighborhood?
Is it storming right now?
olly just stop.
Who is singing the song I am listening to right now?
I'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date.
What is 6-4?
Where is the nearest train to me?
Resume a song from the audiobook by Madonna
perfect work, you did well.
Freezing
uhh no, that isn't what i just said.
Tell me about the latest political news?
I want to add something to my calendar.
you have done it right.
put on my calendar meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am
Tell me about agra
will you say once more please.
Olly, add lunch appointment with Lisa to January 2nd at 12:30pm
Cortana, can you please turn off the lights in this room?
yeap got it perfectly.
What time should I go for a hike?
What important dates are there in my calendar this month?
it was great, thank you very much.
Turn on Bjork.
What's the exchange rate for...
please will you say what i have just said one more time.
PDA: Reply back to Bob Smith...
please modify the incorrect command.
do i need boots today
sorry but it's not the right command.
Put dinner with my sister on Saturday
Play R&B music
put alarm at 5 AM
open jazz
olly that is all, just stop.
When was Albert Einstein born?
Can you tell me my recent emails?
Can you open up and start composing a email
Switch the lights off
please would you say again.
how to best prepare a salmon or haddock?
Please book the 5pm train to Rockville.
i would not know, olly.
I need help making pancakes.
Please tell me a joke that I'll think is funny.
Olly, change my light color to yellow.
Is my calendar empty?
Hey Olly, i am having a bad day today. What can i watch to cheer me up?
Order spaghetti from Spaghetti Warehouse to bring home.
What's the weather like in Sydney?
Play Jack Johnson playlist music
You shoud know about
Book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
check my last instruction please.
Is the weather ok in Sydney?
PDA: Add Bill's email to my address books and lets send him a message
Am I going to have to worry about the snowplows burying my car in the driveway Tuesday?
Play next segment
Please u don't speak in 8 to 10 P.M.
open my Amazon Music app and play my playlist
What time do I need to be at the train station for my ride to Austin, TX?
Should we expect rain this afternoon?
It would be nice if you post status for me.
I need to start a list called...
What country was Einstein from?
Current time in
trash file 01
Give me some cafes near downtown Fort Lauderdale.
what is the weather like in new york
Update to current time
How do I get from where I'm at to Universal in Orlando Florida
s1, can you please rephrase this further.
Do I have any email from work?
Is there traffic right now in Maiden lane?
I like the songs of Yeshudas please play it.
please elaborate me on your answer further.
i wouldn't really bother.
What's going on
Start radio play.
Who is the singer of song?
Send an email to Mom, asking if she was able to order the book from Amazon that I told her about.
Book a train tickets for me
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
Please send an email to my son regarding the payment of the fees
Olly, should I wear my gloves or not?
s2, i was not clear about what you have said.
Send a tweet to Youtube that reads...
would you speak once more please.
Make some coffee.
kung fu panda 3
Could you repeat this event?
Logan
Currency converter please
How warm is it in Columbus, Ohio?
PDA do I have anything planned?
Can you set an alarm for me?
weather in Florida this week
Can you turn up the lights?
PDA, Please book me a taxi/Uber
Remind me that I have a meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
will you please check and confirm detail.
What makes something head cheese?
Tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long.
position the top five most listened to songs on my playlist in a queue starting at most listened to
Give me election updates.
Which song is this one?
PLEASE TAKEWAY OF GIVEING REQURIED OF THE RESTAURANT
should I plan to shovel my way out of the house
vaccuum start
away off from list
yeah you did answer perfectly.
What are my alarms
could you rephrase that further to me.
please send a mail to Mr. richard  stating that i going to met him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm at this office.
yeah you've got your understanding perfectly.
Increase the volume to 50
play ride music track
What is 10 AM in Eastern time?
yeah excellent response.
start next podcast episode.
uh no, i didn't say this.
I need to hear a joke. Can you tell me one.
Explain the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
user friendly
find the beginning of the podcast
would you replay that things you said please.
olly will you just stop it please.
What percent of my money did I spend at the mall today?
Play for me the album by The Beatles on television
please could you check and confirm detail.
Tell me updates
PDA, Play the radio station Rock 108
What does the hyphen represent in the equation?
Does MIley Cryus have any siblings?
How much time do I have to boil an egg?
what could be the time in india
how is michael schumacher doing?
i do not really mind for any one.
Comcast sucks, put that on their twitter account.
start a game and play with me
say that one more time again.
Do I have a calendar event today?
confirm that please.
Delete the next wedding event
check if any alarm is there after 5am
What is hurricane
Please open go fish game and play it with me.
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
Please add complaint about the service in tweet to Olive Garden.
Turn off 8AM alarm
Reset the alarm.
PDA, How to cook this food?
when is the train arriving today?
i think you didn't get me.
give details about the current traffic
I'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please.
What day this year has the longest daylight time
what is my age?
Tell me how many inches of snow did New York City get today?
What music do I like?
Tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
can you tell me one more time again.
i did not ask for it.
what is that once again.
I want to hear Snow by Red Hot Chili Peppers
Just Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
Give me the latest on paul ryan.
What is scheduled on my calendar today?
When did Davy Crockett live and die?
Turn off sockets
turn on smart socket in dining room
Enter 1pm meeting today with Joe Smith on my calendar
uhh no, i think that's wrong response.
Research the clients that will attend the meeting
Will it be a sticky night?
My weekly plan
yes you have done your understanding correcly.
change to blue
Are there any upcoming events on my calendar?
it is cool, thank you, olly.
you are my hero, thank you.
Delete all the events in my calendar.
brighten the lights
Tweet at Macy's: Two weeks after purchase and the hems have all come loose.
What's the stupidest question anyone ever asked you?
put a new mail
s2, i can not catch that.
Give me a 3 day notification before my chemistry exam please.
What is the purpose of using you instead of searching on my own?
Increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
this is of no importance for me.
Is there anything exciting on twitter today?
you've done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
will you help me get better in studies?
Will it be rainy day tommorrow?
Tell me something to remind this week
which event going to happen in local area
Once a new topic on politics comes up alert me
Where is Los Angeles?
My sister just had her baby.
please change the wrong command.
tell me a joke.
please tell me what is the time in tokyo japan.?
Email work team this week's schedule.
Play the Bob and Tom show.
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
yes great response to the command.
set a new event
yeap right.
I want dimmer lights.
again clarify it to me please.
find stock price for name
google the word
What events are going on in NYC?
would you tell me that one more time again please.
uhh no, i think got me not right.
tell me one more time again please.
What is the condition of traffic from work to home.
that doesn't matter with me.
What is the definition of subjegant?
Cortana, search my calendar for my next event and notify me before it occurs.
you are helpful, thank you.
Do I have anything going on Saturday at 5pm?
take it in hand
Show grocery list
please check details.
Find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
play my favourite book .
Tell me this week's weather.
I need you to tweet a complaint
you have done that right.
Hey PDA, can you make it blue in here?
you did it all wrongly.
Olly, where did the first americans settle?
Set 12 noon prayer for every friday
wikipedia topics
hmm, you don't understand what i was searching for.
MERE FAVORITE RADIO STATION KO TUNE KARO.
What was the subject of the last email from mom
What time am I supposed to pick up John again?
please save that song
How many times has Adel gone diamond?
tweet @InsightBB - the cable is out again in the Highland Terrace neighborhood
Send an email to the newest address added to the address book.
please could you check that.
if I have $20 how much is that in pesos alexa
What do I have scheduled for tomorrow? I need to cancel.
Do I have any new emails from Paul?
Time to workout
List me the stock of apple right now
What hiking trail in the Smoky Mountains would be the best in terms of the nicest waterfall to see?
When is my next appointment?
that's helpful, musch appreciated.
Delete events from calendar.
If it's sunrise in Stockholm, what time is it in Okinawa?
that is all, stop it.
Set my alarm for Tuesday at 6pm.
send mail x@x.org
anything is fine to me, olly.
that is nice work, thanks.
Do I have emails
Follow Trump campaign news feed
i would not care.
Facebook Status: Busy day
Start play FIFA 17
Play Michael Buble Save the Last Dance
How much is a GBP in USD?
Decrease lighting
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
Start brewing please.
Find the meaning
did you get that correctly?
anything new on insta
what date is my anniversary
Uber me to the airport
How to make taco?
s1, explain further please.
Google stock price
appreciate your answers.
where are the boston redsox playing next
couldn't get what you said now.
it is unimportant for me, olly.
whatever would be good to me, olly.
Open my grocery list and add bananas to it.
Is the birthday event on 15th of this month true
How many meetings have there been?
i want you confirm it please.
Add work to my calendar for every Friday.
try the last message one more time please.
Can you give me directions from McDonalds, Manhattan to my home.
Please dim the lights
If I have $500 how many yen would that be?
Hi This is john, I would like to know the special dish for today.
I need to email Susan and metion
Can you let me know when it's 2:00?
play the song let it go
What is the status on the current elections?
anything would be okay with me.
Send an email to Bob
i am sorry but you do not understand it correctly.
yes agree.
Reply to all
what music is this?
What's going on in the world these days?
What the singer meant by the title of the song Bohemian Rhapsody?
please rectify that command.
Just book for me a Lyft taxi to Bardonia
Play the top 40 station with Rocket and Theresa
What would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner?
Please play my music
What's the time in Dubai?
confirm the alarm time
Inform me about international news
Are there any new emails in my inbox right now?
PDA what alarms do I have scheduled for tomorrow?
write tweet to Bank of America
what is the forecast?
PDA check stock prices on this
i think you did not get this right.
you don't understand it right.
Give me some good sounds
i'd like you stop.
Any new email from John?
I love this music! Can you please save this to my dance playlist and remember that I like it?
Where was Brittany Spears born?
Olly, do I have any calendar events this month?
Play Hip Hop Songs
PDA please compose email to...
whats a silly joke you know?
Should i wear my sunscreen
from dollar to euro
play jaz
Olly, what's the weather right now?
play my station
i think that is not the right answer.
let's play our favroite football match on tv
How do I
What are all the lists I have available?
i wouldn't mind to choose any one, olly.
Play Let me love you by Ariana Grande
i would like to hear your phrase you just said again.
What's a good joke?
Reply to the email received from Peter
Add v8 to my groceries.
i do not bother, olly.
Who recently posted on social media?
I find rap music really enjoyable.
Tell me about celebrity
Remind me the meeting with Allen on 15th match
show me the highest weather this week
set a consumer service complain
i am sorry but you are not correct.
reply to Dad, write 'I will be late'
Can you play emo music, please?
What is latest on the recent events happening right now?
will i need to bring rain boots after lunch?
Hey olly play my favourite podcast from list
Ok Google, what is a president?
alexa  classic rock
What is the highest rated movie this week
could you check the question please.
I want more details about the annual tea party.
Why do starving people keep having kids?
Play chess with me
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
refresh email
Dim the overhead lights a tad.
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
Put the disco lights on
Tell me about Mary S in my contacts
you did amazing work, musch appreciated.
forward shown content to (  ) with email
What is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros?
describe the current state of politics
Shazam
Whats the weather report for Bangalore today
What is the stock price of IBM?
Exchange rate from CAD to USD
How do I cook butter chicken?
ITS WOULD BE TASTEY
I need to get a ticket via train to Orlando from Hollywood.
find a taxi to book
Look for a taxi to go home
What will the weather be like in Austin on March 16th
Kickball is over, I do not need the alarm for kickball on Wednesday evening, any longer.
I would like to listen to this programme on radio
What day of the week was December 4, 1982?
Can you reserve a train ticket for this day?
the song touches my heart
what bands are playing close by
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
Send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
Please turn off the wemo plug
What are the pending reminders?
resume harry potter book 1
you've done task all wrong.
Any good movies?
it's great one, thank you very much.
I heard about a breaking news about our new provider, please check the news and update me
Why is the Earth round?
how many new emails do i have
could you say one more time again please.
How's the weather in the capital city?
Format data from calendar
Olly, rotate the light colors.
Olly, i had a long, hard day.
you've done that right i appreciate it, olly.
What appointments or meetings do I have coming up for this week.
What else is on my calendar after my last meeting at 2 PM?
Will there be any snow next week?
Please keep quiet for the next hour.
Is it too cold to go swimming?
THERE ARE MANY IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS MONTH, NOTE DOWN THAT.
Can you find the the Preacher Joe show on Gospel radio?
Google let me know when anything news about Trump.
inbox my family.
Please check the traffic to the home
Next one please
oh no, thanks.
I want to listen to elton john in a live concert
What is the time difference between pacific and central
Set a event that will happen everyday.
Do you hear songs of A.R.Rahman music?
Please set a meeting for <insert date and time> on my calendar
thanks but i think you're not right.
How many people are coming to tonight's dinner?
Raise the volume of the speakers.
send an email to a new address
Play for me the radio station 98.3 fm
i love this song
good job, you've done well.
Please switch to red fm
Olly, can you please add my dinner reservations to my calender?
add light
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
Cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning.
Remove the list
What is the time 9 AM CST in EST
What is this music called?
What's the latest news involving Katy Perry?
correcly.
Pleasant
Check for new mail.
goodnight
please check and confirm the last thing i said.
can you confirm the details please.
thank you so much for help.
How do I book a train ticket online?
switch on radio
will you cancel.
Can you convert my this money into...
In the calender, put that we are having dinner with Frank at eight p.m. on the ninth of August.
Please tell me the latest news
When is my next appointment with Dr. Smith?
What is the price of AMD on the stock market?
please check and confirm the instruction.
Replay this song, I really like it.
just stop please.
Play my radio station.
Please Siri, put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival Diwali
My favorite singer is shakira
15:00 to 17:00 how can I spend my time?
set alarm on 25th may at 5 pm
Olly today was a tiring day
Play for me the game Harry Potter
can you reset what you've said.
How long is the Nile?
What is a calone worth compared to a US dollar
Read me today's news from Polk County, Florida.
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having rating of above four star and play it.
Start cleaner
i would not mind for any one, olly.
confirm the order
Today is 5th Mar?
seems like olly's command was incorrect.
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
Lights down
this does not really matter to me.
check emails
you are my star, i appreciate it.
Open Clock
Do you have a joke?
Am I available at 5pm on Sunday?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
Skip to the next episode in this podcast.
Do I have any appointments coming up?
Latest New on international women's day
List of the nearby restaurant.
Is this true about this date?
Tell me the landline number
Please start radio
What is the weather this week for Miami
When is Bruno Mars coming to Sacramento?
Turn off the light in the bathroom
Remove item 4
mute for 1 hour
Have I gotten any new emails today?
Olly, find out what song this is and tell me the name.
it is amazing work, appreciated, olly.
what is the weather right now
did you get what i said correctly?
Cortana, please shut the lights.
What day of the week is Thanksgiving?
What has happened recently in the world?
could you clarify me on this once again please.
oh no, you gave me not correct information.
Remind me to take my medicine at 9am
How many hook ups had Richard Feynman?
When did I place my order and what was the projected time it would take?
Is there a train from Philadelphia to New York City at noon?
Wake me up at 9 am.
Please show me the list that I have.
what time does the train arrive?
Do you want to play?
i am not clear about the last sentence.
Channel X
Look up stock prices for my mutual funds and 401k account.
will you please clarify me about this further.
what temperature do you bake a potato?
what time zone is arizona
set an alarm for 4 in the afternoon
Begin music.
What trips are available from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
Give me the latest information about President Trump please.
what you have said was not so clear to me.
PDA, could you send that email to Chong?
uh no, you've done task in wrong manner.
Book my nearest available taxi
I would like for us to play Jeopardy now.
Can I get Delilah on  the radio in the bedroom?
DId anybody email me today?
I need recipe for yellow rice
turn off media volume
go to email and send message to
i'd like to hear what you have said again.
it doesn't really matter with me.
decrease speaker volumne alexa
it's fantastic job, appreciated.
Email....
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia
Take me to news from NBC
Talk quieter please.
Please, put to my calendar daily standup to 10am
find the set of procedures for a meal course
yeap good response.
yeah your understanding is exact.
Alex has told me that he will send an email regarding the price of the machine, please check if that has come.
Play the latest episode of Little Steven's Underground Garage.
List alll set alarms.
How to cook Crabmeat?
Yo PDA  order take out from Jason's Deli on 6th ave
will you check and confirm instruction please.
let us try the last one you just said again please.
Hold
Tell me the trains from California to New Jersey after 11pm
shit, i did not ask for this answer.
search for pizza nearby
best energy food for gym
tell me what you just said once again please.
what is the price of apple stock today
Remove my car payment on the 15th from my calendar.
what's in the news
I want to play rock songs by Ozzy Osbourne
How long till the eventual heat death of the universe
Are there any new emails from today?
Give me the stock price for X.
Is there any good Chinese takeout that's open late?
What is on this specific list
What is the Dollar price in INR?
I HAVE ALL DETAILS ABOUT PDA'S
Play me a random song
I need a train ticket to Cambridge from here
show me some current events
Should I wear layers sometime today?
Please cook me a hamburger.
no, i did not say it.
Tell me the date when this song was recorded?
remove the bank transction list
PDa, show me Chinese food near me
Hows Mysore climate today
yeah fantastic.
that's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
show stock price of goog
PDA pull up all emails sent to me from Amazon
Please remove my list of favorite albums.
What day of the week is the 22nd march?
Tell me today's newspaper's headlines
god
Schedule a meeting this Monday with Peter Francis in the afternoon.
i don't understand what you have said.
Is it rainy in my area?
does not matter with me.
Olly, fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to Paris.
Olly, does Chinese deliver?
Start The Gilmore Guys.
What reminders do I still have?
that does not matter for me.
it will be good if you yellowish the light.
Did the price of Wal Mart stock go up or down?
4/2=2
can you speak once again please.
Are there any traffic issues
Who has written to me or mentioned me in social media?
Is Deborah's 54th birthday on September 26, 2017?
info of rowan atkinson
that is not the right location.
Hello PDA, Bring up my lists.
Play me some music
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
Olly, what's the weather like for the next week in chicago
Lower the speak volume
Purchase train ticket
Turn off the light in my room after 30 minutes
Play me a random song from my playlist.
Please send email to Liz
Olly change the lighting to blue
Delete all events on my calendar for the next 30 days
Delete an first event of 22/03/2017
ask a restaurant in My area
PDA, add event to calender.
i don't really care, olly.
change the bedroom lights to green
tune to <unk>
what time is the last train headed to Chicago
Please add an appointment at 9am wednesday at dr greens office
setting repeating event in calendar
What color should I paint my nails?
Book a train for me
What is next on my calendar?
open events this week
run reply to latest email received
Mute for the next hour please.
Forcast
Please purchase a Amtrak ticket from Las Vegas, Nevada to Lakeland, Florida leaving on the first of April.
Olly, what's going on between 3:30 and 4?
s2, i was unclear about this.
yeap excellent response to command.
What is the low tonight in Round Rock, TX?
whats the day today
anything.
Science fiction
Define alarm
write an email to john (body)
What's the date is currently?
What day o the week is 14th
tell me billy crytals address PDA.
delete the event
continue where i left off on my podcast
you are my hero, thank you so much.
Make me coffee.
uh no, it isn't what i asked.
delete shopping from my list
Let's play (specific song/genera/ station)
Check out if i got any email
What does Problematic mean?
How do you cook steak?
I would like to know the answer to that maths question
how will help this meeting
please post this picture on facebook
play kenny rogers lady
Convert New York Time to London
Open pandora and play top 40's hits
The 2nd of next month lands on what day?
Should I take an umbrella?
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
you didn't get what i just said.
Olly, should I open the sun roof?
check mails
Clear everything from the calendar
What time is it on the East Coast of the United States?
remind me at 5pm
What does
Mute my speakers for a minute here I need to make a call.
Please search the internet and display the suitable you tube videos for cooking Italian foods.
play 'party songs'
PDA, notify me about the event in my calendar.
wait, i think you're incorrect.
Switch to night light setting.
cut wemo power please
Please give me the forecast for Chicago.
remove event
Is it going to rain later today?
tweet error report to samsung
could you elaborate more on it please.
the command is confirmed.
What's the name of the piece you are playing?
could you check and confirm last thing said.
Show me concerts in Sacramento
Can I see the previous episode?
Do I have coffee on the grocery list?
How crowded is Los Angeles?
Today is my husbands birthday.
Do you know any jokes?
Please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
check my car is ready
99.9 FM is currently playing what music?
Please order one train ticket to Los Angeles.
have a anyinput day
Do we add rosemary in pasta
What's the current weather in New Jersey?
Just let me know tomorrows weather
s1, please rephrase me on what you just said now once again.
hi google pls send mail to mom i am comin home on this weekend
Keep me updated on stock market prices.
Olly, trending social media?
will you retry it.
you did that correcly.
PDA, tell me the time in Tokyo.
What's happening in world news today
Please find out of Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
i am sorry but you have made a mistake.
remember how i fell about this song
please tell me that message spoke once more.
Alert me when registration opens
Buy train ticket
What time is it currently on the east coast?
that's not what i meant.
could you tell me who's birthdays are there in feburary
Open up angry birds
remind me to check the oven in 15 minutes.
Can i pick up my large order at pizza hut?
Create meeting with Paul tomorrow at 6 pm.
forward episode of NYT podcast
where does this friend live?
Play Radio Disney
stop, i think it's not the correct response.
this is unimportant with me, olly.
Read out my list
tell me later about
yeap good.
time now
Play IPL 2017
Check recent emails and tell me their senders and subjects.
Play for me the Game Star Wars
i didn't say this.
Opinion save
it was not so clear.
GMT Time
Olly I went to Walmart today
anything is ok with me.
call the phone number
Good evening
Play next episode
Start playing FM 96.5 when it is 1.00 PM
Remind me about my meeting
i do not know.
PDA, compose this email to this new email address
new policies
Play next episode of this podcast
will you tell me one more again please.
thanks for completing it, olly.
book me on a train leaving Penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than 200 miles away
what's my next events
Remove event from calendar
Does Pizza Hut have my order ready?
how the cold today
could you check it.
Turn cleaner robot on
Search this object's definition
Should I go to the market day after tomorrow?
yeah fantastic response to the command.
Please load new e-mail for Bruce and send message now.
which contact haven't I called in 12 months?
i am not so clear about that.
What's the alarm situation for tomorrow?
Am I scheduled to have any meeting today
current stock price x
Schedule a reminder for 1pm for a board meeting
tell me if>>>>
What should I cook for supper?
play bhuli bisri yaadien program on 91.3 fm
i think you made some mistake, please check it.
Give me the alarm times for the next two days.
i need to hear your instruction you just said again.
weather of chicago
Remove meeting for Wednesday morning
movies making money.
Learn to cut potatoes correctly
Please send Mom and Dad an email asking how they are.
Is Kim Kardashian married?
Do you know what day it is?
can you please check and confirm what last said.
shit, it's not what i just requested.
does not matter for me, olly.
Is it raining outside?
amazing job, you did well, olly.
Let me know about any alarms set today.
uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
How many cups are in a pint?
what will be the condition of weather next seven days
Search for nearby Chinese restaurants
best bar in local area
add 'christmas' to calendar
confirm the detail.
Please tell me the closest convenience store to my house.
would you please check question.
Do I have any meeting tomorrow morning
I have some ____. How do I prepare this?
i appreciate it, it's good one.
play a mix of rap and rock, one after the other
it was cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Give me some dim light
power up the plug socket 1.
Check wikipedia for a definiton of the word homosapien.
show mobile number of john
create calendar event with ____
in Calendar add this event with these people
please check my mails
I have new email.
what is the price of GOOGL today
Let's play global thermonuclear war.
What is Sean Connery's birthday?
Get us spaghetti from Pizza Hut.
My daughter's anniversary is Thursday.  Send me a reminder
What is the weather here
How congested is the traffic on my way to work?
is there a contact named Allen in my list
How hot is it outside
say joke
Book for me a train ticket to Washingon DC
reply to email from name
PDA do I have any reminders set
Find Jhonny's address
Remove item 3
command is confirmed.
Hey does Open Sesame do take out?
this doesn't matter, olly.
Who is currently singing?
Olly delete my meeting for two o'clock p.m. today.
read email
Any interesting happenings in the world?
When did Mt. St. Helens last erupt?
List the celebrities who have been in my country in the last five years
shift the balcony light to off
I got drenched in the rain
Send a tweet to at modcloth that I don't like that they wouldn't honor sales prices for me.
Add ketchup to the list
Please make me a coffee.
My pizza came cold i need to contact Pizza hut on twitter
COMPARE MORE OF COUNTRIS
Tell me formula for area of circle
Open chess app and begin game
Please create a new list
What is the area of Alaska
Play today's podcast from The Mix.
How is a typhoon defined?
I need to delete the alarm for church on Sundays at 11am.
it's useful, musch appreciated.
sent complaint to tweeter @
check celebrity where abouts
Play it louder
Play Rocky Horror Playlist
Could you speak louder?
Please tell me the weather.
Tell me my list names.
i have my clothes list
Olly, go to my gmail and click on compose. When finished, I will tell you what I want to write in the email.
Add new item to list.
Is it snowing in Seattle?
Play top 40 dance
Olly, get me an Uber please.
email update
Tell me about the meetings over a period of time
Delete item
What is the event on March 19th at 2PM about?
Where can i find kids free deals on saturdays?
Create an alarm at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning.
please rectify the incorrect command.
give me updates on this news
Ten percantages of hundred
get the answer perfectly.
Get me the latest on current events going on in the world.
you did it all in wrong manner.
Change the overhead light to orange.
Reply to my email from Sasha saying thanks.
Lower the lights in the house please
Is it going to be sunny this weekend?
upcoming events in calendar
fix alarm
tell me the weather in utah
Tweet a complaint to Donald Trump about his horrible performance
how old is madonna
please will you replay.
what restaurant is open after midnight
Take the list off.
you have done that correctly thank you so much.
would you check and confirm the last thing said.
it is not going to rain, is it?
create a playing teams and play with them
it's not the right response.
Let's play a game of trivia.
i'd like to hear what you just said again.
How do I dial Sarah?
What will be day on 15th March
Calendar invite for breakfast with Sarah at 8am
I'd like news on Donald Trump.
Alexa start email.
Do i need to take the umbrella out today?
would you check my last command.
play my first favorite song on loop
are storms likely today?
What was the last movie Will Smith was in?
What the highest likes on facebook?
Tweet complaint to consumer service
Set meeting witch jack on 10 march
How is Apple doing in the stock market?
I want the wemo socket off.
yeap perfect response.
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey
Please block off Friday at 8 am on my calendar.
you are awesome, thank you, olly.
be silent for 30 minutes
I want to listen to today's hits
check my last command.
Did I recieve any emails from Tori?
What movies has Emma Watson acted in ?
What's the latest in my social media
would you check that please.
Please relocate all dates to the trash
What day of the week is the 27th?
Is it true that Susan's birthday is on March 1st?
when was this song released
would you shut down please.
When is the 22nd?
Place a birthday party with Alex and Amy in my calender.
Next train to Orlando
How many times was Richard Nixon married?
History
Play me in Tic Tac Toe
repeat same song for 10 times
will you please check and confirm it.
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
What are the Vietnamese restaurants in the area
Set a notification for 5th March that I have a doctor's appointment at 10 AM.
Echo clean out my calendar delete everything.
what is the skedule on
Activate the robot vacuum
What is (9+4/5-3)^10?
Skip forward to the next episode of this podcast.
olly shut down.
PDA name: are you working for the NSA
Olly, What's playing in the Roosendaal Cinema?
yeap get it right.
is the weather bad in new york right now
I love the song, do you?
s1, again explain me on what you have said please.
meeting ___ set reminder
How deep is the Pacific ocean?
Have I received any emails from Tim?
how much later is new york than L.A.?
What is the price for Marvel?
My list should be ready, mind telling me what's on there?
Play football with me
Cancel Sam's party.
speak one more time please.
What to-do lists do I have?
What's up with this yellow light?  Get some white up in here.
Just let me know the important work interviews in the next two days
Create a list for the following...
you are using old piece of information.
When's Mark Lanegan's next album out?
open lyrics name
sorry but i think it's not the right command.
Silence for X amount of hours
What brand hair spray does Donald Trump use?
PDA, What is the weather going to be like on March 20th 2017?
thank you so much for your answer.
how many countries?
How much is $X worth in...
jazz
Can i wear shorts today?
What's the exchange rate between the U.S Dollar and the Euro?
What type of music do I normally rate highly?
PDA, go to Facebook, then go to Lori's feed.  Post happy birthday, Lori, exclamation point, on her feed.
Call Becky to get me a coffee.
Start the most recent episode of my true crime podcast.
please tell me again.
Does Charley's Steakhouse deliver?
olly, i'd like a coffee please
is there anything happening on jazz scene around Edinburgh?
When is Jennifer Aniston's birthday?
Olly, resume lord of the rings.
What is the weather like this week
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at 7am?
I need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids.
Modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead.
Do I need a raincoat today
Play a song i like.
Are there any updates on Facebook?
Keep me up to date with news on certain topics.
Events in my March Calender has to be listed.
i think you have done all incorrectly.
open news about BP Oil
Find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup.
Book uber taxi for my travel
shit, you didn't understand what i am looking for.
Book a train ticket weekend of  the 26th Phoenix to Los Angeles
What are all my lists?
would you tell me once again.
Start the vacuum.
Please  read the text i just received on messenger
can you delete the dentist appointment?
yes get your understanding right.
Give the time of clasical music concert today in the city
Delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
What's the weather going to be like?
please clarify once again.
What has shown up in the news recently?
Who did I email recently?
Play song next
Please replay that song I just listened to.
s1, please elaborate more on this to me.
Show me the best podcast of rock songs having good rating.
much appreciated, olly.
train times for tomorrow
make me coffee in 5 minutes
what happened yesterday
sorry but that's not right.
Google stock symbol
name list
that's excellent, thanks, olly.
Tell me if I have new emails.
I need to ask you: how many angels can dance on a pinhead?
delete events
Tell me about first week collection of Movie Hidden Figures and also tell about the reviews and rating of the movie.
couldn't get that.
Dim the lights
Where can I find a fijord
I would like it to be able to compute answers from search results like wolfram alpha does.
DELETE DAY AFTER EVENT
nope, it's not the correct command.
Play classical channel in Sirius
Remind me the upcoming meeting at 4 AM today
It is already late.
PDA, Give me directions to my nearest bank location
Olly, I have to tell you about my day.
Olly, what's hot social media topics?
i am sorry but it's not the correct answer.
show emails about contract
Raise speaker volume
What alarms did I set today.
can you scratch the milk off my grocery list
i am sorry but you have that not right.
I would like to listen to Celine Dion.
Have I gotten any new messages since yesterday?
Olly what is the weather forecast for today
Stop the music
stock price for amazon
Play <song name>
Is it 2nd Saturday on 12th.
Search for best walking directions across multiple applications.
Are there going to be any showers tomorrow morning?
Play next song.
tweet consumer compalint
please would you elaborate me further on your words.
list albums of rihana
I want to listen daily to this song
would you check what i said.
s2, can not get this.
would you confirm the detail please.
which day will be rainy in this week
mute the music
COULE YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG OF MICHAEL JACKSON.
find exchange rate for usd to pound
i have to done it on the post important music file
What year did Robin WIlliams pass away?
that was excellent.
Which book fair events are taking place next week in Washington D.C.?
show local events
What is the largest active volcano on earth?
uber please
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
Lower lights in my room
How many events on my list?
Hi Olly, I will need my coffee brewed at 7am today.
Find an interesting podcast about last Pritzker Price winners
Remove this from the list
list out
fantastic work, you have done well.
Open playlist 5
Remind me to pick up the laundry next Monday
any one is fine with me.
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
PLEASE turn the volume down.
Check time of 10887 train From Jodhpur station on monday
what is the most concern issue in USA today and what can be done to deal with it effectively .
check the weather of city A.
Can we talk about good whisky?
PLEASE COULD YOU TELL ME THE GOOD RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK..
don't really bother.
Hey can you check my email and see if there are any new messages?
Give me recent emails.
Change the colours please
I need to know what time it is right now in New york city.
I have a meeting tomorrow morning at 10:00, please remind me.
PDA, stream Poker Face by Lady Gaga
send email to <unk>
What is the latest headline news from this newsource
Can you play me a rap song on the radio
Add event every second Friday of the month
this is not the correct answer.
IVF/IVR
Weather, Boston, MA
will you retry please.
Play Queen
you helped a lot, thank you very much.
seems like the response was not correct.
Do I have any upcoming reminders?
Will I need an umbrella this week?
what time
Remove event from my list
what is the high for today?
Raise the brightness of the lights
it's useful, appreciated.
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
Set up a meeting with Peter Francis for Monday at 2 pm.
i'd like you just cancel.
Where is the closest Mexican restaurant?
PDA what is skynet
that's useful, thank you so much.
What time is (event) starting?
a cup of coffee please
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
Will I be able to get away with shorts today?
What is a basketball?
Find me the latest news story on US politics.
would you check and confirm the detail.
oops, you did not get me.
Take me to music player
does not matter to me.
Play album audiobook
what is the birthday of hemingway
Look up what this word means
what are the train schedules to New York
Turn off porch light.
NEXT MONTH MY BROTHERS BIRTHDAY
Does the robot vacuum cleaner have to be plugged in?
Did I received any Emails from Kevin, and what did he say
that's cool, thanks.
Is anything different today about blank
replace
I need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
Do I have any new E-mail?
How many Likes I have got on my Eggless Cake post on youtube?
read my schedule
can you speak that one more time again.
hmm, that isn't what i am searching for.
i am sorry but i think you messed up.
review latest movies
switch to 955FM
Is Meryl Streep an actress or singer?
Update my status.
Remind me to go grocery shopping today
remind me for tomorrow dinner
What kind of weather are we going to have this week?
Which six flags ride is the best?
Play Subway surfers with me.
Enter Mary's birthday party with the family on February 22nd.
How would the Volkswagen Golf car look like?
get set need me music track
Make a reply to the email which Robert sent today morning.
Play my summer jams playlist.
Order takeout
What do I have for today?
would not really care, olly.
Olly, list me the remainder of things left on the list.
you have done it correcly.
play greenday
yes you understood my instructions exactly.
Play for me the music by Michael Jackson
how much is the canadian dollar worth vs us dollar?
What is this song
Where are
Can I get a train ticket to...
book a train ticket to city A.
How far is Florida from North Carolina
Please see see for me the alarms that you have set Sunday morning.
s2, i was not clear about what you've said.
get played the latest classic music
why isnt adam sandler funny PDA?
does not matter to me, olly.
play all songs by Anirudh
What's going on around the neighborhood?
how is the news in ireland?
would you try the last one you just said once again.
Play songs by NKOTB.
fantastic response to the command.
earth info
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
I need to get up at ten tomorrow.
Cortana, what date is Justin's school play?
yeah that was fantastic.
Can u turn off wemo plug socket
For how much is HP selling for?
please give me details of Allen from my contact
Is there going to be any flip flop weather soon?
would you reset please.
Could you create a new list for me
Find me the earliest train ticket departing Friday morning to Miami.
I've cancelled the order placed at McD, did it go through?
what are we doing next week
Add vodka to my party shopping list
Play the song immediately.
is there any new emails?
I WANT TO LISTEN RADIO.
Play my favorite playlist
Can you update me and let me know when my appointment is on x day?
Remove alarm.
tell me what the square root of 45,643,245,235,563.87 is
What's the latest news from CNN?
yeah you've got my instructions correcly.
I want 2 burgers and one coke, order it fast.
that must be mistakes.
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at 10
recommend me some shops to shopping in Angel
How do you define problematic?
Help me book a train ticket
Please note on song title, good tune.
Let me know when it is 10:00.
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
How tall is a giraffe?
that is helpful, appreciated.
Delete all mails from fgh.com
PDA give me international news
Play radio, station 97.9fm
weather at kodaikanal
Have Bing's stocks dropped?
Put that on Facebook.
that is all.
Weather report of Boston
train wreck
get that correcly.
remove all from calendar
convert 10:30 from GMT +2:30 to GMT 0:00
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
How many vegetables should I eat a day?
PDA name: play the song xxx xxx
Who is the top of the music chart for 2017?
Did Ashwin joined party yesterday?
Play a podcast from my favorties list.
Olly, answer the equation 8x7
date with Love the next day
Directions to New Orleans
Set mute for 20 mins
what is the timing of bagmati express
please once again clarify.
what do you mean by that.
Play the most popular music from the seventies
I need an event three days from now scheduled with Amy.
once again elaborate me on that.
What type of pant is a culotte?
Please remove this list
Mute the living room speakers
remind me on 5th april there is a meeting with boss
Book me a taxi to the Mall of America please
Are there dog shows going on near New York city?
Open games
Is there any event marked on September 22
Robot Vacuum cleaner on.
Find game
sorry but i think you didn't get response correctly.
Play EDMs
play heart N soul
thanks, that was fantastic job, olly.
Play my jazz playlist
what will the weather be on the 7th
start playing fm 109
Can you do 9+2?
remind me at location
Just let me know the important meetings with my boss over the week
Turn on Wemo.
What's the latest news on Donald Trump?
I want to clean  my bedroom, put the vacuum on and go to my room
if there news about u.p politics.what is that.
Check email received after 6:35 am.
What level of education did Richard Nixon have?
Play the electronic playlist
lets play pinball
What time does the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd begin?
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
Has (sender) got in touch ?
Call me at 6 am
What lists have I created?
yeap that's confirmed.
Define capricious.
Give me New York's current time
Coordinate all pop song genres
Show me weather list for tomorrow
play comedy from any fm channel
remove
30 minute reminder on meeting for Tuesday
Power off wemo plug socket.
Turn on some radio station.
will this morning stay sunny
directions to place
compare prices or dairy items in local shops
Can you give me the latest sports news
play my favorite song
can you try what i just said again.
What is jay's phone number
what is a cookie recipe
i want to hear the last you just said again.
Any incoming emails in the last five minutes?
please change color of light to pinkish.
PDA, send email.
Please give me address of Salman khan apartment
uhh no, wrong.
Provide me whith the news about Iphone
Play some soft rock.
please will you check detail.
Play Sirus on satellite radio.
help me set a list of .....
wonderful response.
PDA what's today's date?
After this song play Thriller
Book a meeting with Chelsea
disable alarm for 3PM
yeah you have understood my instructions perfectly.
I'm looking for reasonably priced tapas in Miami Beach.
WHat are the measurements of a queen mattress
Can you start hulu
oops, i think it was not the correct answer.
Remove the list of person starting from letter M in my contact list
Send an email to George Brown
Hello Google!! Take me to google calendar please
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
shut the lights off
Remove the first alarm
Turn off the lights in this room please.
Start the 'vacuum cleaner'.
check the details please.
can I see my lists for today
Did I email Tom on the subject of gun control?
Fun stuff to do near me
play music of david guetta.
please can you just stop.
Alexa, what is google?
Find and delete all of my weekend events with Evan Parker
play recently added music
s1, please elaborate me on what you have said further.
retry it please.
What is the exchange rate between the USA and China's currency.
Is mile marker 65 where the hanging tree is located?
put on station 105.3
take milk off my grocery list
Rap
i have to go
that was helpful, thank you so much.
describe sphere
What chances are of snowfall this month.
order 6 chicken tacos from Chipotle
Please add meeting to my calendar
I need to edit Marie Jones' email address to read jonesm1980@yahoo.com.
play radio x programm 1
How were trebuchets built?
you have done it right appreciated, olly.
WHO WILL WIN THIS PRESIDENTAL ELECTION?
can you set radio to mute
Set a reminder to attend PTA on Tuesday.
what about this event?
To get more information about a Historic event.
can you book me a taxi?
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE STOCK PRICE OF DEW IN NY MARKET
you've gottten that incorrectly.
Olly, what day is Easter this year?
Please let me know about my Birthday
that is wonderful, thank you very much, olly.
clarify more on your answers please.
Resume audio book history of Rome
Olly I need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
Will it be over 90 degrees tomorrow?
i like you to check and confirm the command please.
How long until my next doctor appointment?
PDA, I need a taxi/Uber
I always pay attention
How far is Orlando from my house?
Are jello shots calorie free?
olly please will you just cancel.
How do I make peanut butter cookies?
What day and time is the Acme meeting in San Diego, California?
i think the command is wrong.
i wouldn't mind to select any one.
Wipe everything on my calendar.
What are my available lists?
What are the big news stories on Twitter?
Please add brunch with Erin to my calendar at the Diner
what is a  sphere.
Olly can you recommend good stores in this area?
schedule city cab from home to airport at 8 a.m.
Tweet for me the compalint about excess water evacuation
remind me about Games of Thrones at seven pm each Sunday for the next three months
Remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
Check my Twitter account
i think olly's answer is not right.
Am I scheduled to do anything on x day?
play radio 95.5
influx
tell me what is currently trending
When will the match start
can locate some gospel music
Check my inbox for new emails.
Set alarm for this event reminder repeating for 10 times.
thanks but i think it was not the correct answer.
Wake me up at this time
PDA, please set an alarm for 7:30 AM tomorrow.
alert me at
PDA, what's a wicker chair?
Open my podcasts
i don't think thats right.
I was wondering how would you look
Lower brightness of lights.
Text me if NY Times makes a post about India.
Olly, brew a pot of coffee.
Is Michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant?
turn on the radio to 105.3
Remind me about this task next week
that is nice one, musch appreciated, olly.
Find the latest Disney podcast.
wouldn't really know, olly.
Activate robot cleaner in an hour
Read information about calendar event on March 19th at 2PM
Create a new event on my calendar
Remove my shopping list
meaning of word
can you shut off.
What time is it in the eastern half of the US right now.
let's play 9 ball against me, adapt with my skill level, always let me win.
you have got my instructions perfectly.
I want to tweet a complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
Give me the description about Television
set an alarm for 2pm
what is googs current price
Remove my event at 1 P.M. in my calendar.
you did good job,.
hello how is your day
What does this Stitch long sleeved shirt look like
Smart plug socket off please.
set the alarm in my calendar events before 5 mins
please order me some takeout
what is the current time in New York
Now it's 5.30 pm in India. What about the time in Ivory Coast?
Does the restaurant have delivery?
I need to be cheered up right now. Can you tell me a good joke?
What time zone is X in?
Order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
What is the most current exchange rate in China
please tell few details about this person
show shops around second street
New email
you did perfect work, i appreciate it.
Schedule my meeting with my girlfriend Lisa in the night today at 9 PM.
chear me up.
Post the following as a status on Facebook:
Delete every event.
please start vacuum cleaner
I want you to book a train ticket for me
Play Kari Jobe for me
is umbrella necessary for my outing
i think it's not the correct answer.
Recipe for 'meal'
one more again please.
you are hero,, olly.
Raise the volume to 60
Let me know when there is news on the Dakota pipeline.
what day of the week is novmber 14th
Make the lights in my home yellow.
What is the interview time from yesterday's email?
show stock of goog
wats online, PDA?
Turn off the lights, please
what to I have on the schedule tomorrow morning?
flag two day after this day as my holiday
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about delayed shipment
What is on my to do list?
clarify last sentence once again to me please.
Delete next event on my calendar
Open TD Ameritrade
Locate Jen's most recent email so I can reply
tweet complaint
Ok google, get me news on Trump.
Tweet a complaint for the online bookstore
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
Initiate the music on the electronic playlist
Give me the schedule.
Explain the Book of Daniel to me
I want to hear some modern rock
Shut off the socket
speak more about the event
Schedule lunch at Tomo in Arcata, California tomorrow at noon.
How much is US dollar vs rupee?
Where did Rama go on his final journey?
PDA can you define this word
turn the lights blue
set event in calandar.  repeat event every day
Quiet time
Where can I shop as a local tourist Olly?
what's on your mind today?
check and confirm what said.
turn room light off
Which teams are playing today in the premier league?
How is this song titled?
please restart and remove all the entries in the calendar.
what was that again.
increase the bright of the light
what is today's climate here
clear current calendar
Do I have the reply from Charlotte relating to yesterdays enquiry?
Do you know the name of the song that is playing?
Send an email to Susan an write
beach
Play rock music please.
The kids are driving me crazy
What is the answer to two by two?
Movie times tonight.
What is the current price of jindel stock
write me a tweet about how horrible their management is
can you tell me it one more time again.
And the pound is doing how badly against the Euro?
Create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
What is trending on Twitter?
my day was fun
Is the balloon festival this weekend?
Can i dry my clothes on the line?
Please tell me if I got any email recently
it's nice job, thank you.
Cancel everything on my calendar
Alexa, turn off the Wemo socket in the kitchen.
Open Twitter send This is my complaint @Microsoft
Show all the received emails recently with timestamp
Please tell me news related to the stock market.
i think incorrect.
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
email XXXXX@gmail.com add to email contacts
PDA, Is God gonna cry today?
write an email
Note to self:saturday 16th of March, 8:00, Valia's wedding
i like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
shit, you did not understand what i said.
oh it's perfect work.
can you tell me what time it is
#NAME?
i need to hear your last things again.
what is the weather forecast?
I like rock music
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI FOR ME TO GO TO THE RAILWAY STATION.
start playing song z
add a note to attend
that's helpful, thanks, olly.
train leaving
it's wonderful.
delete my 'to do's for this week
is it hot or cold outside
What is the exchange rate between money I'm the united states and switzerland
could you delete all events on my calendar?
What day is the 20th this month?
Hey olly make the house lights a different color
i need to hear that sentence said again.
Find some 80s rock
How are you feeling today?
I want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare.
Reply to Robert's email of today morning.
What's the rate between pesos and yen?
Can you tell me about the Middle East
I don't like that song. Turn it off.
can you tell me current time?
s1, will you once again clarify your words to me.
How far away is Seattle?
Is San Francisco near Berkeley?
Please set my alarm for 5pm.
Does dominos deliver?
PDA, orevena voice recorder, let me ... The System page is where to save songs
oops, i think that was not right.
post in tweeter my vist to japan
which bank will give better rate for currencies I have
Lighter shade on the lights please!
Can save this music in my playlist?
What is the weather for the next 7 days?
Are there any recent emails with thisome subject line
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
What's a broiler?
Turn the lights brighter
post to facebook
Turn the bathroom lights off.
you understood my instructions right.
please again explain to me.
Olly, how long should I boil the eggs
add doctor's appointment  monday at 3 to calendar
what is the headline from Chicago Tribune?
you are my star, appreciated, olly.
please show me lists
How much sugar goes in sweet tea?
HOW HE WORKS PERFERCTLY
Do I have a meeting on Saturday March 25th?
Have you come across any new recipes?
Where is the public library?
Delete that
Show me the records of Sachin Tendulkar?
Play it after 5 minutes
Play the last radio channel.
What's the best way to sharpen a butcher knife?
it was cool,.
i was unclear about what you have just said.
Can you look up the definition of cavil?
What day & time is it in Manila?
most viewed list
speak that again.
s1, could you clarify me further on that please.
I need some coffee made Olly.
Lights Dim
What's the address for Alex
ah that's excellent work.
Show me the meetings held last three month
what is the answer to life?
i am not clear about that.
delete my upcoming calendar event
What is famous in indranagar
What events do I have today?
How many meetings did Mahatma Gandhi undertake
sunday
Please remove task list
Hey Olly, play me a popular country song?
Traffic status please
please remove all the entries marked in the calendar
Who is the person behind the song of Taylor Swift Back to December?
Olly recommend a local steak restaurant.
i want meeting with person A today.
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
Whats for dinner
play lady by kenny rogers  now
start playing my most played podcast
Please add milk to the grocery list
you executed the command incorrectly.
What is the Google stock at?
Hey PDA, Did i get any new emails?
Painting
During the daytime all lights has to be turned off.
Show meaning of clarion
Write 10 words on instagram
What are my plans for today?
What song do I listen to the most?
Please enter in my calendar an appointment with Dr. Branden for this Friday at 6 pm.
What is the square root of 9?
the meeting with XXX will be in 10mins
Notify me about any updates on vaccine laws
remove next event calendar
Do I have any appointments today?
alexa what are the chances of Donald trump turning into a dictator
My this song for me
I need a uber to my current location.
i would like to hear the last one again.
will you please check and confirm that.
Its' what time in
s1, please explain me further on what you just said.
can you please check the last thing i said.
Is there anything special going on nearby?
save my contacts
i like you confirm last thing said please.
I want you to play the radio
Please let me know what's happening to my social media?
I like red colour for my home, change it
How tall is Brad Pitt?
If it is noon in Virginia, what time is it in California?
What is the latest news on...
Can I order takeaway from Spanish place?
I had a relaxing day today
How long does it take to get there
get the workout playlist and play it
set a classic 80's music
PDA please order take from jason's deli
Olly, what else do I have on the list?
Is the sun gonna shine in Devon this weekend?
Any recent mails?
this does not really matter.
Events, description
resume last playlist
you have done the command correcly.
What time is it?
Please give me the traffic report for this afternoon.
get info
Turn off the Wemo plug socket
What date is tomorrow
I want topics on latest news
Is Hayden still living on Turnpike Lane?
Hey PDA, what's today's date?
please further rephrase it.
What area has at least a thousand miles of open desert?
amazing job, you've done well.
Tell me about Michael Jackson
nice job, you did well, olly.
Entertainment
Play Michael Jackson
For how much can we exchange us dollar for indian rupee?
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
What is Donald Trump's new policy on immigration?
i think that's not the right response.
well done, i appreciate it, olly.
tell me once again.
What time is it in Florida?
i dont want sound.
Can you tell me what flabbergasted means?
check the command please.
Olly, launch Pandora and play 'thumbprint radio'
no, you've done this all in wrong manner.
could you please elaborate your response once again.
please provide the detailed information about the next event
PDA: Please let me know when there is an update to the plane crash story
Wake me up at 5:00 am
it's useful, i appreciate it.
Are there any traffic restrictions due to the President's visit?
I can't hear just increase the volume.
write an email to my family saying I love you all
Remind me to call the bank next Thursday
play 20 questions
Define Schadenfraude.
Find easy recipe for corn bread
can you book me a train ticket  to bombay for tommorow in any train?
Can I find out information about a contact?
do I have anything going on?
Book a taxi for tomorrow morning
Tell me about Mount Rushmore
where should i go this weekend
I love that song
I hope tomorrow will be better.
Change the speaker volume to 65%.
Olly what music do I usually like after work ?
open a reminder about next weeks managers meeting on tuesday
I want to hear a yo mama joke.
show me tutorials on cooking food
Don't play this song again
check emails from {contact}
add new event to calendar and name as anna
What is the stock price of HDFC ?
Delete all details of my calendar
doesn't matter.
My set alarms
Switch on robot vacuum cleaner.
yeap amazing.
Please post Happy Birthday USA on my newsfeed.
Plays the podcast from the beginning
Decrease brightness of lights
Is there anything new in my email folder?
Alexa, tell me keywords about Usain Bolt?
How can I go to Rome by train on Wednesday next week?
Please play the latest Bill Simmons podcast.
What is the meaning of PDA?
Tell me about the latest world scenario on global warming
Please play song x
you helped a lot, i appreciate it.
I need the time of day.
play Madonna now
would you please check last thing i said.
Tell me the current weather in New York city
29th march comes on what day?
Is it sunny outside?
Reserve a taxi
What is the weather back home today?
PDA can you look up and add John's old email to my contacts again?
Who is Arnold Schwarzenegger
On April 10th please me know the status of my favorite website
hi google please cancel all the programs for friday
Today is which date
do not mind for any one.
can you please check and confirm the detail.
Please compain that my mobile is in the service centre for too long.
thank you very much for completing it.
How much is the British pound?
what is going on in LA today?
what is the stock price of Sensex right now?
i wouldn't really care, olly.
Have I gotten any new email?
How is it outside?
Clear my next activity.
MAIN APNE SPEAKER KA VOLUME KAM KARNA CHAHTA HU.
do i have any mails
Please show me dress competitions in Jaipur
Define oscillate
thanks for your help.
Denmark geographic location?
list new
Can you read my list off to me?
Open tweet to Apple that my iPhone's battery is always drained.
List of Playback of A.R Rahman collections
I had a lazy day.
Olly, activate the vacuum cleaner.
Bring up Facebook and wish a Happy Birthday to the Country USA.
Tweet complaint to this company
Please play (program) on xmtune
i need to hear your sentence again.
Tell me about Jaipur
What meettings did i have last week?
Tell me about the events near me
please speak one more again.
do I have anywhere to be between 8am and 5pm today
dont do that again.
olly i would talk to you later.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
nope, i did not say it.
What is two hundred divided by thirteen?
What are they saying about Donald Trump on Fox
please will you check my last instruction.
s2, i did not catch up with you.
Where is Nayagara falls located?
Olly, I'm really enjoying this song
Hello how are you?
s2, i am unclear about that.
how to cook
Remind me if anything else happens
How many eggs should I put in my cake mix?
what have i played the most?
Too Much PDA
PDA, What alarms do you have set?
Does Pings do takeaway?
Replace the furniture with electronics on the list.
Please check my inbox and tell me if there are any new arrivals
Play back the last message
add milk to the grocery list
Olly deathmetal, now!
Whats the latest news?
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
excellent job, you've done well.
Where is Yosemite Park?
Tell me movies playing in Oceanside tonight.
don't bother.
wouldn't mind for whatever.
Reply to all emails received from 10pm to 9am
correct.
really do not mind.
What events are near me ?
Remind me when the Giants are playing each week.
Are there any events schedule for this week?
i like my PDA to talk to me like a friend.
Repeat daily activity.
System, please dim lights to dull blue.
Only christian rock from 1990 upwards is to be selected and played
Hey Olly, play me a popular R&B song?
What spice do I use in Indian rice?
would you speak it one more again please.
what is the status of my order?
My day went pretty well today.
How many plays has Patrick Stewart been in?
Set a calendar event to repeat yearly/weekly/monthly on this date
i need to hear the last you said again.
please remind me the birthday of my uncle Joe, every may 4th?
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
Do I have a party tomorrow save on my calendar?
In what places have I been the first fifteen days of this month?
My calender to be added with Bola birthday of 12th July
Please find new from CNN
complaint
speaker volume decrease
Describe this.
Myspace
Where is the closest kroger?
you didn't understand what i was looking for.
Can I se a reminder for this week?
PDA, Can you give me instructions on how to cook this food.
What movie should I go see?
In delhi traffic level too high
Please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously.
Tell me the brief definition.
Any new emails for me?
tell me all local events
Alarm me at 8 AM.
Can you turn up your volume?
tell me the answer for 2 + 2
please tell me it one more again.
play the client by john grisham
Show me the directions for going to Boston via Seattle.
can you add my brother's birthday dinner at rusk for march 23rd
Play my Roxy Music playlist.
What are the details of this event...
Play my top rated playlist
tell me any yard sales happening
Please show me detail of current playing song.
make it dark in here
Play music from workout playlist
yeah you have got my instructions exactly.
Ok Google, give me the time in Sydney, Australia
How many days is it until May 25th?
Tweet the following:  DirecTv has horrible customer service.
Please switch on my wemo plug socket.
Open Twitter and add complaint on Doctor Patel's feed.
Please unmute yourself.
Where in DC is that meeting at 1PM on Friday?
I have a 9 am meeting on Wednesday.  Send me a reminder.
Start next episode playing
thank you so much for your helping.
it's right.
Please find events in the month of March
how to abs in six week
following podcast episode start
Olly alert me of an email from Dave about the meeting
Switch to X time zone
Increase the volume of the music to 90
What's around tonight?
Can you set the living room lights to pink?
are there any email updates?
Tell me the name of the artist whose song is in the movie I am watching
How much does Elton John pay for his suits?
wait, i think you have got it incorrect.
What is the total number of islands in the United States?
What's trending on social media?
Define 'CPU'.
Start the vaccum for me.
ny stock
I want to reply to Jean's e-mail.
what is the weather like right now?
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa?
party
How ling is an Earth day?
Olly recommend a restaurant with medium expense.
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
Read me the newest article on the new solar system.
show exchnge rate of usd vs eur
define
What is the Euro to dollar exchange rate?
exorbitant. Whats the meaning of this?
When is the best time to shop at Target so that I don't have to deal with a lot of people?
Delete event from calendar
Olly what movies are playing near me?
upcoming meeting
How much is 1gbp in usd?
Show me the date of today
What day of the week does the next holiday fall on?
set my alarm please
KYA TUM MERE MATH KO SOLVE KARNE ME HELP KAROGE?
... podcast next episode
Open my most recent email and reply
What is SO CLEAN news for the last 6 hours?
delete the vacation things to do list
Is snow coming tonight?
Turn on my wemo socket
want to play songs depends on my mood
Pull up the shopping list.
When was Bryan Adams born?
Can you play my favorite audio book of King Kong?
Find me new comments from my Facebook
how soon is my anniversary
Is it the 29th already?
Find updates from Vicki's Facebook from Mardi Gras day
latest news
tell me again please.
Select the contact
I'd like Monday to remain open.
Olly retrieve the light for me.
Tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again.
alexa tell me my new email
Start playing my song list.
you've understood command correcly.
Where is it?
Play 30 Seconds to Mars' new album.
I need you to be quiet until tomorrow.
let us try it again please.
Is my order ready?
what's going on in Congress
Repeat the last song
what is the height of monali thakur
Add to the calendar a reunion event for this afternoon
Olly, set generic calendar event for next Saturday at 10 a.m.
Can you please tell me who are you?
PDA is it a good day to go to the beach
could you please tell me what time is in singapore.
could you rephrase me about this further please.
recheck last action.
not, that is not correct, please try again.
you have gotten it right.
Where is New Zealand located on a map?
could you please rephrase more on what you've just said.
quieter
LOWER THE LIGHT TO 40 PERCENT
When was Frank Sinatra born?
Olly, front page news articles please.
you have done answer perfectly.
Shoutcast.com.
Can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to Chicago?
Jonathan wants to meet up Sundays at eleven. Can you remind me Saturday night every week?
Remove the doctor's appointment I added to my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
how warm is it outside right now?
open my music and play melissas afternoon podcast from yesterday
yes you've got the answer exactly.
Which desert is hottest?
How much is 20 Argentinian pesos in pounds
Send an email to (sender)
it is of no importance.
Open new emails
Don't ever play x list again
thank you so much for that information.
add shopping to my to-do list
s2, i couldn't catch that.
PDA will i need a jacket
Post a complaint via twitter to CVS Pharmacy.
Cortana, sound off.
set an event for friday
Beep when I get an email from John
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
Can I wear shorts out while shopping today?
Reply to this email
who assassinated lincoln
recite the schedules of the list.
Remind me on 5th March of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
a
Alexa what are todays country hits
Are there any news regarding our President on Facebook today?
yeap you've understood the answer right.
Pull up the news.
How to spell the word giraffe
where is the nearest restaurant here?
What is the closing price of axel company
Life goals
well done, thanks, olly.
Add picture to facebook.
show the playlist
add juice to my grocery list
Send a text to Alice
How long until my order is ready?
give me the time at washington right now
make a list of management staff for the 20th oct meeting
What is Dolly Parton's birthday?
how many days are in february?
Play my Rap playlist
How many stray animals are saved every year?
Find me a gas station close by
give me directions to the nearest mcdonald's
Is Leonardo Married?
cancel dinner tonight
Can you please download my podcaste file available in internet and play it once?
get command right.
How long to get to work?
What does apple of my eye mean?
What meetings do I have between 8-10 today?
Alexa, give me my to do list for today
Add email address iamironman@gmail.com
alexa place an order for 2 pizzas from dominoes
play an FM
today date
Send me links to news articles about the protest.
Are there new emails for me?
please will you clarify me more on it.
Tweet to Bank about non receipt of checkbook
What is the (currency) worth?
Olly, find my food.
who is singing that song on now
please speak one more time again.
check if default alarm is set
Please play the next episode in the podcast?
shit, it isn't what i requested.
PDA. erase that item from my list.
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
was there an improvement to the US economy
olly add sugar to my shopping list
Publish an email to my co worker with today's scheduled meeting information.
Work sucked today.
please would you replay your last phrase said.
please can you shut up.
Are there any new NPR Op-Eds about Trump today?
this is too bright
How is my commute?
Make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
Can you play a rap station?
Olly, tell me what to.do!
olly could you please shut off.
Call me a taxi Olly.
Could you list out the information on book fairs in Washington D.C. for next week?
tell me the news in technology from engadget
What meetings are on my calendar today?
Define framework
When is the party this weekend?
I need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend.
make the lights a different color
please add party at chucky cheese to calander
Play Jump by Van Halen when this song is over
give me a news paper
Do I need to wear sunscreen today?
I want to hear a good joke.
show me shops PDA.
Should I wear a sweater?
Do you think it would rain today?
Ok Google, can you play some country music
dammit, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
In very 3 hours give me my Facebook update.
Cortana, what day does Easter fall on?
book the the next train ticket to Chennai
Can you tell me the total number of Oceans in the world?
In what year did George Bush become the president of United States
What movies are out this week?
remind me jack birthday is on 15th march
would you check detail.
Please show me best run program in Jodhpur
where is a good place to eat cheap Pakistani food
Add eggs to my grocery'sÔÇï shopping list
PDA, what is worth more a USD or AUS
bring me the title of current music.
check and confirm the instruction please.
thanks but you have got me incorrectly.
did you get last thing i said correctly?
you have messed up.
Dolores, do you notice something odd about your world?
I'm in a meeting, please do not speak.
Siri, cancel alarms
Turn on radio now.
qwetqwtqwtwqt
i wouldn't bother, olly.
Please tell me what lists I have.
Play pop
Read my unread emails
How old is Rihanna?
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
Tell me what happens when we die.
by main power off
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
Can you list out my meetings today?
How old is Zac Galifrankas?
Will I need a jacket after 10pm in my area?
Please tweet the following to Radisson Hotels Customer Service...
Can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather.
what time is it in the east
please check the last thing i said.
What is the weather condition today
What is a stock price of TATA
yes command is excellent.
you are awesome, thank you very much, olly.
What's my to-do list for today?
Olly, what movies are playing at Carmike Cinemas?
do not care.
What will be the weather this week?
Play radio with nonstop songs
Remove everything in the calendar.
Raju phone book
Set notification for 6 o clock news update
confirm it.
current time in CPT
we don't expect rain tomorrow, right?
Olly, what clothing shops are close to my current location?
sorry but got me incorrect.
Do I have any calendar events today?
How many people are attending my next meeting?
link 'john@gmail.com' to 'john' in contacts
order me some chinese food
Olly I love Kfix so much he's by far my favorite
PDA, Radio Please
Olly, do I need to wear boots?
can u pls change the timezone to us
Play dev43 song by frubs artist
How many e-mails today?
that was awesome, i appreciate it.
what is the time right now?
sorry but that's not correct.
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
Set a reminder for my daughters birthday.
WHAT TIME OF DAY IS IT IN LONDON?
open the door
Is there snow in the forecast?
PDA I am going to work today.
quick meals
i think you did a task all wrong.
i don't catch that.
Have I gotten any emails in the last day?
this doesn't matter with me, olly.
Delete the last line.
what is the weather in home town
PDA, Turn up your volume
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
What  is happening in the world right now?
remind me an email to my sister
what is 123X 123
Please turn down the lights
Please check and tell me contact details of Mongomery LLc company
Describe headset
Send wedding invites to all wedding party.
Tell me about the news.
Echo I need a reminder for tomorrow for Joe's party after work.
Send a mail to mike. Tell him we will meet today 7 PM for dinner at Coffee House.
tell artist and title of this song.
I need to hear the volume of the current music
Can you play the podcast from tomatojuice.com?
Olly Today I couldn't find my phone.
Please look up exchange between US and Mexco
I need one cup of coffee.
I am interested in what emotions are conveyed in Grateful Dead music
Play my favorite songs.
Did Obama really wire tap Trump's hotel?
whats the weather like
Find and Order handi paneer in pavitra.
Alexa, play song Over the rainbow
Open social media (Facebook, Google+, Twitter)
anything would be ok with me.
please would you check and confirm it.
turn off the lights in the kitchenn
Switch the smart plug socket.
PLAY THIS PROGRAMMES IN THIS PDA'S
Check my email for any new email from Joe.
play Hula Hoop next
Which currency is greater the US dollar or Yen?
i am sad
you rock, i appreciate it.
Mute sound from speakers.
yes it was confirmed.
Olly, what is the nearest theatre that plays the new Vin Diesel movie
explain your answers again.
what is on my schedule for 9 to 11am tomorrow?
start the next episode in a podcast.
Are you aware this joke.
through outlook
PDA, give me some Bowie.
Can you start the Roomba?
i just want some more information about the poetry
Will you have the vacuum start cleaning?
add 'christmas' on 25-December-2017 at 'sara's place'
fantastic job, you've done well.
I have not gotten my daily news yet, can you please brief me a little bit?
great work, you did well.
how much is 10 USD to CAD
What time does the train leave Philadelphia?
PDA what time is time?
Don't make any sounds
what date is the fourth monday of march this year?
What is the forecast in my area today
What high school did Halley Barry go to?
November event delete
wait, i think it's not the correct answer.
Begin a new list.
Do I need a raincoat day after?
olly tell me about some cool events going on here
How would you describe a person that is called a snowflake?
has the dollar rate increased ?
read a poem for me
ah that is great one.
Play that podcast please.
tell me what weather is outside
Notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
How strong is the dollar compared to the Peso.
Where are the Rocky mountains?
Skip forward
play from favorites song no.
s1, clarify me on last sentence again please.
Should I close the window before I leave this afternoon?
Clear all events from my calendar for next week
PDA, Can you give me the exchange rate for dollar in rupees?
Let me know when my phone is due.
you have gotten this incorrectly.
What's on this weekend in my zipcode?
PDA please schedule all my doctors appointments
rephrase further on your words please.
akon
newest world news
Let my cable company know that I hate it.
How many degrees is it in Houston right now?
please can you shut off.
that's helpful,.
Put this event in a repeating pattern on my calendar
Tell me the keys to success!
Find shoe shopping near my home.
PDA please check my reminders
Olly, I have scheduled a meeting with Mr. Ross this Friday. Mark it in you calendar and remind me on Friday early morning about it.
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
i would not really mind.
Tweet to Ikea costumer service the following, I'm not happy with this new KLM product
How is the weather at home
Please note I like jazz and hate disco
please can you confirm the command.
I need you to convert 9 AM CST to EST time
Siri, tweet to @Target, your store #Cincinnati, Ohio TriCounty store is messy!
show me the information of friend
geo info
what time does the train arrive from san diego to north hollywood
Please add mike@123.com to my contact lists and send them a reminder email.
What is the animal with a duck bill and a beavers tail?
Activate vacuum
Do I have alarms set for today?
Remove lunch with co workers on Thursday
From where can I get a train ticket for Athens?
What is happening with president Trump?
that's helpful, i appreciate it, olly.
music
olly can you call a taxi?
Please make a list of thing I have to shop tomorrow
What is the current dollar to euro conversion rate?
add my opinion to this song: great
that is useful, thank you so much.
thanks, it's awesome work.
Play something with three or more stars from New Music.
Tell me all the distance locations and times
Add an event labeled Dan's Graduation party May 5th in Goshen.
I need directions to Lowes in Mount Holly, NJ
Help me to mute my speaker.
will you check and confirm command.
Is there any new information regarding the Mexican-American border wall?
have you made a mistake.
what is the make up of the chair
it's great.
yeah your understanding is good.
Tell Sean I appreciate him reaching out to me.
Olly will it rain on Saturdy?
Send an email to Dad about the weather for the week.
Do I have any free days this week?
show me some vegan restaurants close by
play me a song of adele
uh no, it's not the right answer.
Get me the recipe for rice
show geographic location of piramids
Switch off the smart plug socket now
Olly, Double cappuccino small, please.
Anything happening today?
notification of meeting on Wednesday
Open the calendar and create a new event
Please schedule a meeting with Brian Billings in accounting
Can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person?
What is the current temperature in Miami
Define keyboard
I want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
mute enabled until I say so
Tell me the takeaway food around this place
clarify me on your answers again please.
post on my fb account that i got engaged.
Will we space travel within 50 years and live in another planet?
let us try again.
check gmail
Facebook Launches 'Disputed' Tag To Crack Down On Fake News
thanks for that information.
Reserve a seat for me on the train March 20th.
add a party tonight in my remainder
After this, play me Rebel Yell.
Ok Google, raise your volume
what is the sum of 9 and 12
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
can you replay what said.
Should I wear a hat today?
Please remove this item from the list
i want to hear surfin usa
Siri, what time is it in LAs Vegas?
What is a substitute for margarine?
Check my last post on Instagram
How old is Draymond Green
Start the robot vacuum cleaner now
Tell me latest technology news.
what day is the 22nd of May?
it seems like olly's command is incorrect.
how can i adjust the volume
you have understood my instructions right.
please check what said.
start radio x on programm y
Olly what do I need to get done today?
PDA I love hip-hop
turn on radio play prambors with max volume as alarm in the morning
Alexa, delete the events from the calendar on 28th march
that does not really matter, olly.
play audio
I would like my PDA to alert me of the weather every morning
Can you tell me if I have any new emails?
Echo, have I received any emails from Jeffrey Burnette?
did you get the instruction correctly?
Start a new grocery list.
got your understanding perfectly.
What is available in your stock of lists?
countdown for time
When does the train leave Penn Station?
add event to calendar and repeat
can you check my last question.
clear calendar events all
make light color red
Can I have my list
I want to hear Metallica on my rock playlist.
PDA, report what is new in my email inbox.
invite people to the calendar event
this new email should be added to my contact
Make it brighter in here, please.
Explain it to me
What is time now in Japan compared to USA.
Ex that
How do I get to Brighton?
Send a reply to Mike with the answer 4:30 from his email he sent this morning.
New ultra model car.
Order a 12 piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink.
s1, would you further explain me about that please.
Can you drop a beat for me?
Send tech news
can you please check detail.
Activate the vacuum
Olly, add meeting with James on March 2nd at 2pm
Ok Google,  can you tell me what the White House is?
Hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre.
your family
sorry but i think you've understood that wrongly.
What shoul i wear? Is it cold outside.
it was excellent job.
Will the highest temperature be more than 70 degrees tomorrow?
olly turn on some rap music
Take me to the Huffington Post website.
Remove Tuesday alarm of 9.00 a. m.
let us play millionaires
Hi google, change the color of lights in my room to red.
news from CNN
I needed to prepare for a meeting.
Start playing again.
raie lights
ONE DANCE
I want to order a takeaway from Papa John's.
you have done it right thank you so much.
What is the definition of plethora?
Play 'Uptown Girl' by Billy Joel
What was the weather report for today?
s1, further elaborate your answers please.
Lights to 50%
Can we play Twenty Questions?
PLEASE PLAY THE NEWS CHANNEL SO THAT I CAN HEAR SOME NEWS?
Tube was super busy today
What's a fuel rail injector?
What is the time difference between India and Ivory Coast?
Please open my music application and play Games by Disturbed
ENJOYMENT
olly what's going on around here this weekend
Open my music
olly i like you cancel.
Play me the latest podcast about online surveys.
what is the weather next week
Please turn bedroom lights off.
What's going on in the world?
Order pizza from Domino's
when I came back from this place?
play spotify playlsit blank
play 'i love you' and then next 'happy'
j
Reply to the email from John
do you like my girlfriend?
Cortana, are there any good social events happening in my area?
I want to book a train ticket
will you tell me what i've said one more time please.
Refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
Remove 6 a. m. alarm of whole week for future.
Siri, what is the definition on literate?
What's trending on Twitter?
what alarms do I have PDA?
Play the most recent podcast for This American Life
Stock price for Google.
about ckicket
Olly how do I start making Lobster Bisque
down
s1, could you rephrase me on your words further please.
PDA, Geography Please?
Alexa, lower lights down
Does Obama have a Twitter?
alarm
Do I have any appointments tomorrow afternoon.
will you try again.
Let me hear about some new devotional music
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Indian Rupee
it seems like olly's command was not right.
i would not care, olly.
Start playing NPR in the kitchen.
Set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
olly i would like you just stop.
Check emails from Cassie about Tom.
Start a conversation with me about politics
What is the exchange rate for Mexico money
My day was great
Today I am feeling very stressed.
Describe a fifty inch smart TV.
Better day tommorrow
What time does the festival start?
What is the stock price for Lexmark?
What events are going on near me?
it does not matter to me.
Neat
Start Celine Dion songs
open tweeter of Indian railways
what next?
Send email to...
Olly, I just cleaned my car,
What is Meryl Streep famous for?
Delete my Christmas Holiday list.
PDA What's Jesse's number?
What time is it in London right now?
Is Monday free after noon?
I'd like a cappuccino, please.
how long is this?
Load Spotify
Call Pizza Hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms.
Catcha a ride!
what day is memorial day this year?
Mute speakers
The email reply should state
Is this the least or most important moment in history ever?
Mention the time in Canada now.
Siri, what do you dream about?
What are the traffic conditions currently.
Add a reminder for April 20 as my bro's birthday.
How many top 10 tunes did Katy Perry have last year?
Google I need one train ticket to New York can you book that for me.
anything would be good with me, olly.
tell me stock price of...
Please schedule a hair cutting appointment for 1:00 pm on Saturday.
oops, i think that is not the correct response.
please can you check and confirm the details.
Train times from near me to location
what is your age
please correct error.
reschedule meeting
please read new emails
Spell and define oscillate
is fish and chips really British?
ocean 11
I want to find some good rock music.
hey sire turn the radio on
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
you are my hero, musch appreciated.
PDA, what time will it be locally at 9AM Bangalore, India, time?
What news came out about Steve Bannon?
hi google pls remove the birthday event on coming sunday
Is it friday.
wake me up at 5:30
join this
show rihanas bio
With whom do I have appointment today
Resume mind reading book.
Find me all music for classical music.
Tell me about Mary S
Delete trip scheduled July 4th
ok google! what is the weather where i am at today
Ok Google, what's the best business to get into right now
Play from Smashing Pumpkins.
the weather was bad today.
i want the light to be switched off.
Note my 'event' with 'person' on 'date' at 'place'
Was Lucille Ball a natural redhead?
I need to know the stock prices for Walmart
I Would ask it to play the beep sound continuously
What is the exchange rate between the British pound and the US doillar?
it's wonderful, thank you very much.
What are the current stocks for Yahoo?
When New York train will arrive
Is my schedule full?
Ten day forecast for Baltimore
please set the lights to green
please describe object A.
confirm question.
Give me the date of Monday on third week of this month
Stop/Start the juice!
off the plug
book train ticket to NY
Please list all my alarms
Mute for 20 minutes.
What music genre do I listen to the most?
what is a banana
Remind me to go grocery shopping for the party on Sunday.
i am sorry but i think this was not the right command.
Tell me what a workhouse is.
any event message is available in last two days
check and see what will be the weather condition in New jersey, at 8 am tommorrow
Please set a reminder for Tuesdays at nine a.m.
s2, i couldn't catch up with you.
who am i meeting with later?
Where is the closest spot to order food for pickup?
How tall is Micheal Jackson?
How far away is the sun
you've done it right i appreciate it.
make a list for work
make a call to
what is on my tv list?
What should I do in San Diego?
Save this afternoon for my date
Do I have any meetings tomorrow at 9 pm?
shit, it isn't what i was looking for.
Nightime
s1, can you rephrase me on your answers further.
Is is awful day It looks It will rain the whole day
Pull up political news today from CNN
calculate ____
get me resume of best seller audio-book this month
Please add practice on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m.
go back to previous episode of podcast.
tweet real Donald Trump that Angela Merkel will not shake his hand anymore.
Check for me new emails recieved from Peter
Please save this song to my favorites
shit, this was not what i am looking for.
Show current track in music player.
Start playing X.
please confirm the details.
What does the word bible mean?
Knock, knock.
PDA, Read to me
details on person
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
Please turn the lights up to 8.
Will it be good to buy NIKE stock today
i was unclear about it.
send email to my uncle about situation of current weather.
email naty for her birthday
Lower the lights in the room
Tell me person A message.
How many pumpkins do I need to make a pumpkin pie?
What to do next on events
send reply to joe
Give me the shopping list.
How smooth is marble floor?
make 5 coffee tell the coffee machine
Order me something online
List all the events in my March Calender
Olly I need to get to Bristol friday night, can you book me a ticket please
latest instagram posts
switch off the master's bedroom
Please negative response twwet on daikin service
yeap.
HOw much is STarbuck's stock these days?
that was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
What is a hypothesis?
Person name
Facebook current stock rate
Start playing Flappy Bird.
yeap exactly.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
darken the room a bit
What date is the third Friday of this month?
Alexa, what's going on in Chicago?
Are there any updates in regard to the election?
you have done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
Delete alarm.
add event
Clear my events search data
Play next episode of her story.
never mind, olly.
PDA tell me the current time.
send email to Tim
I want to know the weather in Nashik.
please explain how you use a computer.
reset.
would you confirm the detail.
well done, thank you so much.
Are there any roadblocks, olly?
Turn on 107.5.
locate address for myrtle beach state fair
Play latest country music releases
Reply to Christy's email and say Thank you very much
Show me the current time.
PDA can you give me a 10 minute timer.
What genre is this song currently playing?
What time is it in Akron?
send email to daddy, i'll be going to the birthday party.
Did anybody post on Facebook today?
Tell me about India location
would you speak it once more please.
s1, elaborate your response again to me please.
What purpose the event been scheduled for
thanks but i think you didn't get this correctly.
hmm, you didn't understand what i requested.
I ate breakfast this morning
turn off lamp
play angry bird
yes command is great.
will you play music for me/
Check my mailbox and let me know if there is any mail post 7:00AM today
Make a note of my doctor's appointment on Wednesday next week.
Get current news on government shutdown
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
Turn up the volume on the music
Pleae play me the Michael Jackson song again
Show me the news.
what's my favorite music at the moment?
could you tell me it one more time please.
Play Joy Division.
menu
Is there anything on my list today?
Find easy recipe for almond milk
PDA, tell me all known details about the tournament on March 22.
Who played Harry Potter in the films
set list
search email for contact
What is the definition of a probiotic?
does not really matter, olly.
Search for classical music and play
Play the Kansas City hip hop station
Let me know when Casey emails me.
Can you turn off my bedroom lamp?
s1, rephrase me more on it.
Play Music Now from Radio+
When is my food going to be here?
Can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing ?
it's nice one, thanks, olly.
you gave me not right information.
Tell me the name of the radio station that I want played
How does it feel outside?
buy a train ticket to
do not really know, olly.
What is the circumference of the Earth?
Is today March 6th?
What do you do with my personal data?
Play music of Kate Perry without shuffle.
Please speak quieter to me
Activate the radio please.
.... USD is equal to ....currency
Please define the word bibulous
Did i leave the light on in the Garage?
yeap you've understood my instructions right.
Can you find out the latest world news from yesterday?
Please give me a 2 hour warning before next Saturdays meeting.
Will it rain on August 15th?
oh my god why did you do that.
Is Eddie Murphy still alive?
OK Google, I need to hear sound on my speakers.
Who is going to win the next elections in the France?
Lower lights
Do they have takeout?
I need to submit a complaint.
play classical music
Ok Google, where is the hottest place on earth
Please shut off the kitchen lights.
explain how is USA better than other countries
meaning of life
Has it been a busy day?
Would you like to play a game with me, Olly?
Set a reminder to notify me 1 hour before lunch meeting
i meant this.
List the latest books published by favorite authors.
let us try again please.
Do not make any noise until morning alarm.
What is going on in the world today?
usa
get me new mail.
Whats it near
Lower the light level in my house
Olly, it's too bright in here can you turn a light off?
this is not clear to me.
Will the train be late today in New York?
Tell me how to go Bali without airplane with lowest cost option, time doesn't matter I have 200 days  travel time and Only $5000 to spend.
Get me an Amtrak ticket to Boston for next Thursday, the later the better.
yeah agreed.
Does Mary Smith live on Main Street?
How is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas today?
I want to hear some tunes
Remind me today's meeting with Reveca at 6:00pm
20-10
Anything new on social media?
will you once again clarify to me please.
Show me the lastest news from the UN.
yeap wonderful response to command.
Mark tuesday for a meeting with John.
Can you search for me?
How far did I walk this morning?
What is the weather condition in NY?
send this content via email
olly that is enough, stop.
Bullet train from Tokyo to Hokkaido - under 3000 yen for next weekend
Age of Brad Pitt
Please check my emails for me.
who is the singer
dammit, that's not what i just requested.
How does today look?
What I am going to do today
IT IS HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
What city does Anthony Keidis live in?
that was nice one.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
remind me after an hour to go for shopping.
solution for 81 divided by 9
that doesn't matter.
Alexa, Why DiCaprio is so handsome?
Reschedule the party to Thursday.
let us try what you've said one more time again.
would you check and confirm details please.
Tell me the recipe to  make cake
Please dim the lights in the bedrooms
Tell me how to make a difference with my life
Where is the south pole?
you have done it right thank you.
How much is one dollar US in Canadian?
I've heard this riff before - what song stole this riff - it's exactly the same!
what alarms do I have set for today?
area of north america
meeting this monday
Show John's contact information
good
Remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
how old are cristiano ronaldo
Sum up all the things for me I could do to make myself happier
I want to hear Radio head please
A.R. Rahman
Hey PDA what's the current time in Austin?
have no idea.
Give me the details on (event)
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
I need you to add this event to my calendar
retry.
save the information which is provided by aman on this song.
Do not wake me up tomorrow.
switch off the light
Present time in New York
Play the Breakfast Club.
Is it windy today?
Check emails from MGCCC
s1, please elaborate me on your answer again.
Let me know about the exchange rate of Rupee to dirham
Do remove next event from the calendar
oh it was great one.
the time the meeting start
How did Charlize Theron learn how to speak English?
open fm
Will 'punjab mail' reach on time in gwalior?
search news about a celebrity
i think it was not correct command.
I want to hear Limelight by Rush
Turn off the room light.
AAJ MARCH KI 5TH DAY HAI, HAI KI NAHI?
Siri, what is $10 in Euros?
Play the radio station
olly please can you shut off.
I went skiing today.
Remind me to pay my bills at the start of every month
How about the latest news.
make coffee at 8 a.m.
the news from cbs alexa
Start X on X radio.
What is on this list
Check emails from Jane Doe
When  is my lunch break?
alexa add monas wedding even to my calendar for tuesday
I would like to know if  in math operations is calculated before the addition, subtraction,multiply or division?
Is there any rap that doesn't involve sex, money and drugs?
what is the current weather
that must be a mistake.
tweet a complaint to telephone exchange
make a note of this on the list
yeap that is wonderful.
s1, explain more on what you have just said to me please.
Play all Order of the Green hand from previous week
i am sorry but i think it's not the correct answer.
Open FIFA 17
I want to listen to the podcast of the Super bowl this past year.
IT SHOULD SPICES
What is going on today from 2-4pm?
Teach children to never answer the door when home alone.
IS THE DATA PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS IN OBJECTS
Tweet Amazon about my package never arriving on time.
create an event with location 'home' and with event 'new year's eve'
add the email XXXXX@gmail.com to my contacts
play rehab song
What is the weather going to be like today in Tucson?
Any local activities you can recommend in my area?
Is it going to rain in Seattle today?
can you further clarify me on that please.
Search for more songs from the band
add new checklist
you have done that correctly.
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
Tell me the status of my inbox
8 AM in Manila is what in New York?
s1, can you please further elaborate.
Whats on your list right now?
Play for me radio 93.3 fm
What's on for the 14th afternoon that I could go with the two year old twins?
Can you remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'.
Where can I go tonight?
Hey Olly, make a list of names starting with vowels and ending with vowels
time in Las Vegas?
include an item to a list
I want to hear the news on TMZ.
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of recipe?
yes strongly agree.
i want to hear what you've just said again.
What is a workhouse?
Play the next episode of Drunks and Dragons, please.
Check meeting schedule in todays mail
what was that.
I need to have better focus Olky, I couldn't concentrate on a single task.
What time is it in pacific time
Play Solitaire
how does the desk look
list upcoming pop albums
Set a reminder of meeting at 9 am tomorrow.
i would like to hear what i've said again.
Write a message to Payoneer and tell them that my card isn't working.
The meeting with Justin and katrina has been changed-put it on Thursday.
PDA play slayer.
turn up the light
Google Michael Jackson
please will you check and confirm the details.
Person name info
I want the status on my screen brightness
Tell them that Their lines were too long
What are the cordinates of everest?
What is a Canadian dollar worth in the US?
Where is my appointment with doctor next week?
inform motorola via tweet that their phones suck and my moto G five is not working properly
Google clear all the stuff on my calendar for March.
What is the highest rated movie now out?
Can you find me a furniture store near me?
what the euro to dollar exchange rate today
you've done it correctly musch appreciated.
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
Post to twitter...got a hectic day ahead.
remove the alarm for tomorrow
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
yeap that's fantastic.
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the house.
PDA what's on the calendar today?
PDA change my status to chillin.
Should I wear a short sleeve?
how long will it take to travel to japan from south korea
when does the train leave for chicago from ann arbor?
Can I have today's date?
that's exact.
Turn house lights off.
manage a meeting for today morning.
what is the weather in this week
Delete events for ***.
Reply to Mark's email.
Where is McMennamin's
what's happening around me
Am I off work on Memorial Day?
Read to me the last messages in my feed.
turn the radio on
Book me a train ride covering 5 destinations to see in New York
Review set alarms.
Please sent this email to my friend
Tell me all the events between today and the 21st?
PDA name: remove the xxxx from the list
who is singing this song
Search for new jokes
Please play James Altucher's podcast
<unk>
remove playlist
Delete the meeting tomorrow.
Could you make a train ticket for m
I want to listen to a sports podcast.
thanks but you didn't get me.
you did perfect job, thank you so much.
Temeperature
can u tell me the contact information of jo
Enable smart socket
Please give me todays forecast for New York City.
What is the weather for today?
it doesn't really matter with me, olly.
PDA, send that email to James, please.
s1, will you explain me more on what you said now.
go to calendar
uh no, i think you've done the task wrong.
tell me it one more time again please.
Play Me the latest song of Adele
What happened on the walking dead.
that is not so clear to me.
Put the news on, BBC.
Add Moong daal in grocery list
Prepare a cup of coffee.
Is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in Bangalore
Define swerving.
Reserve train tickets
I want to hear the last news form CNN
Olly, list all the nearby shops
When you ask it to schedule an appointment that it can email the specific person and provide available dates from your calendar.
Weather in Toronto
tell me a joke about a man
What's coming up this week?
do I need a coat today
Echo I need you to say that last information again but much louder.
start a gossip
you rock, i appreciate it, olly.
Find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring.
meaning of name
Remember that this song is depressing for me. Please don't play it during the winter days.
Show me news from CNN for today.
could you again rephrase me about your words.
don't care, olly.
that is useful, thanks, olly.
How was the traffic now
At 7am tomorrow morning ring the alarm
Have I received any emails with tracking numbers?
reset the thing spoke please.
Is Tom Cruise an only child?
Please set an alarm for 10 pm
Set reminder for tomorrow at 2 pm.
PDA, today is what date?
set feeling happy status on facebook
it's excellent job, thank you very much.
PDA name put this on my facebook
send response I will be there
Open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
All lights has to be turned off during the day.
What does this word means?
Can you delete the next event?
yes got that perfectly.
Pull up the lists in my notes
Can you tell me list of events for this weekend in Pondichery?
remind me to pick up more dog food at Petco tomorrow at 7.20pm
good.
What new posts are on my page?
Should I break out my scarf and mitts for tonight?
Save information about love of Beyonc├®
yeah you've understood my instructions right.
how has your life been changed by me
when is annas birthday remainder set
Do I have anything scheduled for today?
turn off my alarm
Olly, hit me up with some exciting events in the Bay Area.
Album repeat
set an alarm
When does my alarm go off?
i'll be going to my office.
Olly, I had the worst day ever today.
Please add this email to my contacts
show todays reminders
Inform my group that the new meeting date is tomorrow.
Did Renee just post to my Facebook feed?
What is my ETA to the office if I leave in 30 minutes?
get answer perfectly.
Please tell me the date
i was not so clear about your words.
This is a five star song!
i need to confirm all meetings for today, can the invite person
Hey siri clear all my calendar appoints for today
i would not mind for whatever, olly.
When is the next train to Rome coming?
check currencies
clear my calendar of all events
what is piramid
do not bother, olly.
Sports Scores
excellent work, you have done well.
turn down media volume
PDA please check my coming up events
set meeting for january 25
Remind me the day when this event is supposed to take place.
Can you tell if my dog is sick?
olly would you just cancel it please.
How is the traffic in Florida?
what is the square root of 34?
list current set alarms
PDA, I love zydeco jams.
you have done that correctly i appreciate it.
Could you please tell me what the current time is?
All RCCG March event is to be added to my calender
Which is the next event coming up?
you helped a lot, thank you so much.
s1, elaborate me about your response once again please.
Let me know the list.
adjust the light option
really do not mind, olly.
that's great work, thank you so much, olly.
play the song from last night at 6pm
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
Set a meeting with the HR department for the end of the month.
yes you got the command correcly.
add a marriage celebration party on this sunday
Remind me about my lunch date for Monday.
What are the next three alarms set to go off?
what is the day on 23rd march
any one would be fine for me.
Latest news feed from facebook
i don't mind for anything, olly.
Reply to this please
Alexa, what is PDA?
it's incorrect.
Activate coffee machine.
When is the next Friday the 13th?
What is the dollar against the pound?
What is happening to my order
Tell me when the next big earthquake will hit California
I need to put together a todo list for work.
What list is available for food products online?
Start my audio book from where I left off.
What is Derek's phone number
Remind me of meeting time at 7pm next Monday
Is my wake-up alarm set a 6 am?
Remind me two hours before 6pm that I have to wake up at 4 am friday morning
can you clear my calendar?
How is jennifer garner's career doing?
Create a new event every friday at noon
When is St. Patrick's Day?
i'd like you to check and confirm the command please.
Start radio and go to frequency on 104.8
what is the address for the event scheduled on the 1st of January alexa?
i appreciate it, that was amazing work, olly.
Was George Washington the first president
Resume story
Play the jazz station.
olly's command is not correct.
Can you describe a credit card?
set alarm for 8 every weekday
please elaborate me about the last sentence further.
more about the concert in St. Pete
Play something romantic
Please turn the music up.
Find a train ticket to Philadelphia.
Tell me when will indias economy touch that of Americas.
oh it is awesome.
Go to nytimes.com
check weather I got an email from rohit?
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
what time is it in Atlanta?
you've understood that right.
What is the local weather forecast for the next seven days
local things to do
musch appreciated.
i was not so clear about what you've just said.
Increase the volume of the left speaker by 10
that would be all.
that's helpful, thank you very much.
please add my business meeting for 10am at the office with bill
What genre is most played on my PDA?
yeah you've done it perfectly.
What is the westernmost city in the contiguous 48 states of the American mainland?
something
Change the light color to red
PDA, how do you make cookies?
please further rephrase to me.
following event
show exchange rate of USD and INR
Remove item 3 from the list.
you have done that correctly appreciated.
What day of the week is it?
Erase all calendar events
play 'do re mi'
start play road rash
PDA, What's the directions to the nearest pizza hut?
How hours distance is between my location and New York?
Start coffee machine.
fast and the furious
Disable smark socket.
Increase the light a little.
When is (insert event) taking place?
Please set my coffee machine to start at x time?
Play Billy Joel
When is it suppose to be above 50 again?
Olly, Cancel my plans to pick up my parents from the airport.
that is excellent, musch appreciated.
look for song x and play it
What is the weather forecast for Seattle?
Play some blues by Atif Aslam
Turn off the nearest light
What does penultimate mean?
power off the current
Start playing American Gods where I last stopped.
do i have any emails from jo
Start a choice game
How busy am I this week?
What is the current stock rate of facebook
How far away is Dushambe?
Define diverse?
There are certain parts of my day where I am fatigued Olly.
PLEASE REMOVE THE APPOINTMENT WHICH I HAVE MADE WITH MR.JIM.
PDA, open lists
What is this thing?
I want to drink cofee
Remove pepper from my grocery list
How long does it take to make meatloaf?
Train times place
Olly, is anything trending on social media today?
Go to my classical playlist.
Bring up calendar and schedule meeting with Ri, April 1st 10AM
what time is it in des moines?
Show alarms
Make vacuum cleaner start
Turn on console
What is the square root of 148,587
wait, you do not understand me.
what is the train schedule to denver?
It is 10:00 am in Eastern Standard Time, what time it is now it Pacific Standard Time?
What is the meaning of a stethoscope?
Are there any events going on nearby?
turn radio to 98.7
Please play any alternative punk rock I have.
thanks for your helps.
yeap it was correct.
is it gonna be cloudy
show future events
Find the Serial podcast and play it
What is a mango?
yes that's good.
Las Vegas time?
yes that's great.
What are all the lists I have?
please rephrase it further to me.
can you please check it.
Open Stocks
Play the next song in the sequence.
please Can i know what time will it be at 6 pm here in Australia?
Where is the best pizza on sixth street?
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
Olly, let me know if I get a message about the party from Jane
theaters near to me
Find me the definition of  indefatigable
PDA I got a raise today
Hey PDA, order me some take out from Jason's Deli
would not really know.
pink is all we need
start alarm
Continue pride and Prejudice.
I want to see the twitter handler of Samsung
Keep me updated on the election results
Can you tell me where is...
Olly, find me the perfect girlfriend.
Give me a list of all my reminders.
Buy me a ticket to Boston.
did I get anything new from my boss?
Name the capital of Nigeria?
nice to meet you
Why was XXX famous for?
Play next episode of podcast please.
remind me to buy ham when I am in the shop next time
let's play fifa2016, you'll be the keeper and never change position.
World War II
Please start the playlist Huey Lewis and The News.
could you speak it once again please.
What's on my calendar
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
i have no idea for what to choose.
Hi, event has been added in your calendar. Please check.
alexa start a match of chess
Please check for new unread emails from Paul
how big is the stone in this ring
answer the email
Who sings this?
olly that's enough.
when is elvis birthday
PDA, has my calendar been update in the last 10 minutes?
I want to make this week's shopping list
Play only classical music
Read me the email from Mom, including the subject.
that's useful, appreciated.
you did good work, thank you very much.
would not bother, olly.
Remove the event off the calender
please remind this sunday to go to mass
How is the weather today?
olly that's all, stop it.
i'd like to hear again.
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
let's try the utterance one more time please.
Unlist the meeting on 4th October, 12 pm
Need to post the status. Kindly assist.
This is a good tune, please notate file accordingly.
i would like you check detail please.
Let me see my playlist to reorganize.
Lets play chess together
no, i didn't ask for this response.
hey siri cancel whatever is scheduled next on my calendar
I'm bored play a game
which ocean touches at our continent
i do not mind for any one, olly.
delete the Richard's wedding event next year
add the new email o my contacts
Tell me something interesting on the message list
What is rate of eur/usd
do i have any new inbox message ?
i want to hear that again.
it isn't what i just requested.
Please say to the email that sent me George, i need the money now. Its urgent
Find my wife.
can you tell me what kind of weather now.
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to NJ today
whatever is ok with me.
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
Olly, give me information on the song that's playing.
Delete To Do List
start playing dubstep
What will the weather be like in two weeks
I don't need the shopping list, delete it.
start music in playlist
Set a meeting with Tom on Tuesday at 9am.
is it anyone I knows birthday this month?
you are my star, musch appreciated.
sound cloud
find map
Where was Madonna born?
did you get the details correctly?
nope, this was not the right response.
PDA please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing.
nope wrong.
Get Sia's cheap thrills ready to play next.
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
Book me a taxi for 1 pm.
Is there any concerts taking place in new York today
give me a cooking tutorial
What is the weather like in Grand Rapids, MI?
What's the latest Trump controversy?
you've done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
Please send an email to (name)
i think thats wrong.
Weather forecast from Radio+
Turn off the PDA's sound
Journal entry for today (user begins telling about day here)
xy wikipedia facts
Echo keep me updated on the lastest storm news.
olly, I saw a bulldog today
thanks, that's wonderful work.
Change lights from red to blue
yeap strongly agreed.
shit, i think incorrect.
PDA: I'm back PDA, any new emails since I left?
where are piramids located
Silence please.
could you elaborate more on what you said to me please.
What is the time in Bangalore ?
Is Fox News reporting any breaking news at this time?
what alarms are set for today
start audio playback of twilight again
What are my current alerts?
wouldn't mind for any one.
can you please clarify me about this further.
Show me the news about what's all new going around in Seattle the tell.
Play the Billboard top 10.
What is the weather in Seattle now?
Add soup to my shopping list.
Turn on my playlist and play third song in the queue.
Show me most recent emails
Skip to the next song.
google the steps for preparing the dish
please try your last sentence you said once again.
thank you for your answers.
My friend emails me to check
'nice!' can you post this to my facebook?
Show me Thai food near me.
please check and confirm detail.
What events are on my calendar?
Lets get something on the calendar for Tuesday
events in the local are?
how much gas do i have in my car
Please remove the list.
Can you send a tweet to Lifx saying that their app crashed?
Sports
How old is Angelina Jolie?
Olly, Whats the stock price of apple?
how we calcultate
I would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from Subway.
thanks for helping.
what is john's phone number?
i am sleepy
IS THERE IS ANY NEW EMAILS
please can you shut down.
Please reserve an Uber right now
I need this event on a repeating cycle on my calendar
play daft punk
i think it's not the right answer.
Is the time different in Moscow?
How many cats does Taylor Swift have?
start a small discussion
what is a googleplex?
explain to me how gravity works
How is the weather where I am?
could you please gather a list of local restaurants and email them to my husband
What is happening in the world news?
s2, i was not clear about that.
PDA, Provide me the alarm times you have set.
cut off the bathroom lights
Where is my pizza from Domino's at?
Who is president of Poland?
Remind me of my 12 oclock meeting by 11:30
ask a pub in My area
olly i want to hear some rap please
List the latest apple stock prices.
clarify what you have said once again to me please.
i went to the park
it is of no importance for me.
What's the weather like today?
The wenmo plug should be turned off/on.
Are there any emails from Cassie about Tom?
Save my music choices
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
Did Kim Kardashian go to the Paris fashion shows this year?
Olly, look up the word 'snafu'.
PDA, what time is it in California?
give the latest updates on narendra modi
a quarter to two
I need some coffee.
i would like you to check instruction please.
Olly, what do I have planned next?
Turn off the light in the leaving room.
What is the traffic condition of Florida?
add 'new year' with family next week
Turn off my wemo plug socket.
Olly, erase all.
What is the rate for GBP to USD?
Add a new event for tomorrow at 5pm - Meet Sarah at the gym
What will the daily temperatures run this week?
What's the band is playing now?
that's not the correct answer.
How many likes does my last instagram photo have
Please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state.
I want to know the latest local news of the city
mail administrator,
can you elaborate me further on what you just said please.
can you tell me about animal kingdom in amazon forest
WHO IS THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA?
What have you been up to today?
low cooling condition
please will you speak once again.
Turn on WFRN 99.1
check the weather of city on list starts with A.
currency exchange rate
Add Lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
Minimize the light power
Please play only Sonu nigam's Song.
Start a competitive crossword for us.
Do you believe in God or do you think you'll become one?
dollar rate at present?
Current song playing, what is it?
Play the college baseball game
answer this mail.
What dance move is the most attractive
Book my 1st class AC ttrain icket from New York to San Francisco
list all emails with subject contract
GOOGLE HOME
could you try what you just said one more again.
Robot, vacuum the hallway now
Where is
Schedule meeting with our employees regarding bonus.
Can you tell me the temperature for Saturday night?
Is today going to be hot?
would you reset what i've said please.
Today calender
achievements of sachin tendulkar
What is the latest news on Donald Trump
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
Google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow.
Deadpool
When will Tesla come to my town?
I want lo listen song x
i couldn't catch up with you.
nice
Set calendar info for albert's marriage
could you check the detail please.
uh no, i think incorrect command.
Olly, i want to play some video games
Please put bread on the grocery list
Olly, I'll be seeing my therapist every Thursday at two PM.
Schedule doctors appointment for this friday at 12noon.
can you turn on the hit song of Lady gaga
Check email for received from mom.
please explain again to me.
Add build my resume to my to-do list.
Schedule dinner with Sara and Jamie
Where do most celebrities hang out?
tweet a complaint to Apple about my iPhone 7
Remove noodles from the list
olly that is all, stop.
how about a game of snakes and ladders?
Hey Google, what time does the TRE train go to Fort Worth this afternoon?
Can you open my itunes?
Do I have any thing going on at 5
Meaning of PDA
i don't really mind to choose any one, olly.
what events are planned in my area?
Respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site.
thank you so much for the help, olly.
Get rid of all events with Jeff.
Olly, my day was exhausting.
i am sorry but you had it wrong.
lower hallway lights
detail for stock price
say the last one said again please.
Please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
Are there any MMA events coming to Golden 1 Center?
dim the lights a bit
Turn my satellite radio to soft rock morning show please?
repeating event meeting on mondays
stop, i think you understood me incorrectly.
what is....?
Whats the latest from the business and economics sector
Did I receive any email in the past hour?
How many grams are there for a cup of butter?
Will you turn off the lights please.
I want to play a game with you
Bring up the latest headlines from Huffpo.
stop, this is not right answer.
start music app and play a song for me
Play my favourite radio.
play alex jones in radio
How long should the drive to work take?
one more time.
PDA, how old was Madonna when her first hit came out?
Remove Etres Tes Mains by Artifice Palace from my Spotify Playlist CHUNE.
Turn on notification for all news on the stock market
Was this song in the top 20?
Tell me what is on my list.
check my email messages
grocerie list
Delete recent list now.
Olly, what is the most recent update regarding the hurricane Katrina?
I need to make a list.
Echo, remove my bedtime alarm
what is the name of the music playing now?
don't really mind for any one.
would you elaborate your words once again to me please.
run game
I need an alarm for 9pm.
What is the capital of Vietnam
Make sure I have nothing to do on Friday.
set lights to full power
yeah that is perfect.
Find train tickets for <train station> for <date>
that's cool,, olly.
remove all the reminders from the calender
can you tell me the time it is
Check if I have set any alarm for morning
Alexa, what's the topic of the news today?
that's all, just stop it.
i think this was not the correct answer.
tweet a customer complaint to the subway website alexa
wouldn't know, olly.
you did fantastic job, thank you so much.
What went on in the world today?
What is next in my calendar?
Check inbox
I want to cook Italian dishes show me some.
Email Jake a calendar invite for dinner on Sunday
could you check the last thing i said please.
current time in London
Can I get an Uber home from the Fox downtown as soon as possible?
NEXT WEEK MY UNCLE BIRTHDAY
Add song to running list
You like the song?
Please tell em the list of trains to Chicago via california
What are the titles of the lists in contacts?
dammit, it isn't what i wanted.
What does tweet mean?
look up in contacts
it's good one, thank you very much.
uhh no, i think you have done a task incorrectly.
Could you please lower the tone?
search schedules for this week
Olly, I am not tired, I am actually happy.
I like soft rock music
yes you have gotten your understanding perfectly.
Complain to McDonalds twitter about my burger
what you said is not clear.
Call a taxi company.
is angeline having a new movie this year
Ok Google, did Angelina Jolie leave Brad Pitt?
What do I have planned next Monday from noon to 3:00
dammit, that's not what i meant.
chatbot
Do I have any new tweets?
Please start an email for my sister.
Is today a sunny day?
summarise week's weather details
How would be the weather today evening
How many people live in Oxford now?
run vacuum cleaner
Currency Exchange Rates
Play BBC radio 2
What's happening in my town?
The event ... will include ... and ...
Can I get delivery from dominos?
Send email to boss to meet for performance review
you have done task all wrong.
What do you think about the day you will expire?
send an email to my manager
i appreciate it, that's good.
PDA do i have a dr. appointment on the 6th?
locate local pizza shops
do not really mind.
get me the number for local taxi service
sorry but i think it's not the right response.
Play a podcast from my library
What's going on with the Trump budget proposal?
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
When is my next meeting
What day of the week is the youth charity event?
Please tell me the current date
please give me my emails.
robot via Bluetooth-enabled devices
Start playlist for podcast
ah it's good, olly.
turn on the WRIF for rock
yeah that's amazing.
Play Superstitions by R.L. Stine
let's try the instruction said one more time again please.
get ready for the meeting before the event starts
Cortana, will you please mute my speakers?
How much is a call per minute to Mauritania?
What is the definition of capricious?
Message my mother-in-law to book the reservations before friday or they will expire
please would you reset that.
schedule
Can you please turn off the Wemo plug socket?
What are today's top news stories?
check that please.
The last Friday of the month lands on what day?
Tell me Today's direction.
alexa PDR AM RADIO
confirm last thing said please.
Olly, what's a good movie that's out right now?
could you just cancel please.
Will it be warm tomorrow?
is it going to rain at 1pm today
book an Uber for 1 hour from now
play YouTube playlist blank
Olly, define the word 'novel'.
check the details.
right.
Explain me about Rock.!
Play, Atmosphere next.
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
can you just stop it please.
PDA: I want to reply to Bob Smith's email
hmm, this was not what i said.
Delete all lists
Purchase a new bulb with more brightness
get hourly notification on sports news
Olly, do you have any advise for me how I should handle
Please check if paradise does takeaway
I want to hear country music
could you please check my last instruction.
Two by two is?
Activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
Where in the world is (insert)?
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
What is the answer to 2 plus 2?
Increase volume please
i didn't get your response.
please could you check the details.
please set event on Tuesday
What are the upcoming events?
Please Google search my name and see what the results say.
What are the longest rivers in the world?
Did Tracy update her Facebook status today?
What is the last day of the month?
yes you've understood my instructions right.
Tell me length and star ratings
Please proceed to the next available rock song
What is Frieda's home address?
Book a taxi
Start coffee.
What do you suggest that I watch this weekend?
Whats the current weather?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME THE MEANING FOR THE ITEM LAPTOP.
Daily news from source
yes right response.
What time is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
Please turn off all of the lights in the house.
it doesn't really matter, olly.
would you just stop it please.
don't mind to select any one, olly.
How do I steam rice?
How long should I cook chicken for?
melody
could you speak once more please.
What's my schedule like today?
this is unimportant, olly.
Any new podcasts available yet?
AN OBJECT IS AN INVISIBLE
show all emails of contract
it's great one, i appreciate it.
will you check and confirm details.
Turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my Dongle
Hotel California is sung by whom?
What time is it in Karachi right now.
What's the closing price of Apple?
Can I get takeaway from Pings?
Events in <City>
blanket definition
Play Lady GaGa
yeap get that right.
take note of today as my first date with bob
I need to make a list of bills that are due
Anything interesting happening next Friday?
find radio
Play my country music playlist
Add Valia's wedding the next Saturday at 8 o clock,
local market
What is the capital city of Colorado?
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
use shortcut
i'm thinking of a number 1-10
what year was baseball started
Can you tell me about the meetings that have occured this month?
What is the latest poll on the public view of President Trump?
Show me painting exhibition in bay area
Send Danielle an email.
Erase Shopping List
Coach and fare
i'm so happy today Olly, I got tickets for the concert
i want to hear what said again.
play lupe fiasco
Did anyone like my photo I just posted?
this was not what i am searching for.
Please turn up the screen brightness all the way
play sholay
Search Nandy containing payment
will you please confirm that.
What is the date of next Saturday?
What is the exact time now?
Remove list of Due payment of Rajesh.
CHEAP THRILLS
Please add  a new email in my contacts from Sara
Turn up the volume on my speakers.
please add my pay days
Remove Emma's birthday from events
s2, i could not get that.
Olly, is there a sporting event tomorrow in Chicago?
Remove the grocery list from my active lists.
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
complaint to dept. for overpricing
olly tell me my alarms
Let me know what's accumulated in my inbox since 3pm.
Find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the U.S please.
Resume the audiobook I listened to last.
Is Yellowstone park the largest park?
Can I mine for gold on any public land?
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
please remove sporty event from list.
I want to eat two pita gyros please! And some Diet Coke!
leave calendar blank
Give me a good playlist
Did you place the reminder about the meeting for tommorrow
Check email from Amazon for Christmas shopping.
Why is it snowing so much in my city?
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
would you replay please.
Was my meeting today rescheduled?
PDA,Shuffle the songs in the music library.
radio channels
I need you to find a good channel to listen to
Where did Amal Clooney go to college?
what was that one more again.
i want to play the song again
awesome work, you've done well.
WHAT IS THE DATE NEXT SATURDAY?
Brighten the lights a little bit.
How tall is Hulk Hogan?
Keep the socket in off condition
I would like the bathroom lights set to yellow.
Define loquaciousness
Repeat Earth song
I want to resume where I last left off in my audio book
Make the socket available for me
i don't bother.
COULD YOU PLEASE CANCEL MY TRAIN TICKET.
I want to hear x playlist next
Coffee, make now
Can I wear my sandals today?
Please reduce the speaker volume
Can I find the cheapest train ticket for this destination?
What are my tasks?
I would like to listen to some rap music right now.
I need to change the color of this light.
program y at radio x
Whats on the radio that I would like
Hey Olly, please set multiple reminders in an interval of half an hour prior to 10 am meeting
What are the lyrics to this song.
i am sorry but i think you messed up with.
Get latest news report on kidnapping in NY
i am sorry but i think you have messed up my command.
thanks, that was great one.
What's going on in politics today?
please let us try what you've said one more time again.
olly please would you shut off.
Which celebrity is most likely to follow me back on twitter?
I AM GONE TODAY AN UMBRELLA
i would like to hear what you have just said again.
whats the recipe for oats cookie
what is new?
Ok Google, can you give me the time in New Delhi
What is the latest traffic report for Miami.
Please change the color of my lights, surprise me!
Turn the lights off
how much mehta willing to invest in my company in meeting which held today at 5:20 p.m
How long does it take to make vegetable lasagna?
Please tell me about upcoming alarms.
Olly, book me a train ticket to New York City on the 3rd. I don't care what time.
Does Allearsnet have a new podcast?
Give me all my lists.
Is there anything I can substitute for eggs in a recipe?
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND INR
you've understood it incorrectly.
Can I wear jeans comfortably this afternoon?
Please turn off kitchen light for me
What did my wife leave to be done?
what is the meaning of this word
find chicken tikka recipe
What song do I play most?
add a 5 am alarm in place of my 9 pm alarm
you are hero, i appreciate it, olly.
i want to go to mcdo.
Please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
Mute the settings
Current news CNN
Which stock markets have lowered in the past 3 hours?
what hour now
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
what is the title of the song?
please would you check instruction.
What did the clinic say about my exams
What are Jalapenos?
excellent work, you've done well.
if you could talk about 3 things, what would they be?
What is the population of Alabama
remind me about this
Tell me items that are on my shopping list
Reply to the email received from Mark
yeap perfect response to the command.
What are the events taking place in New york today
add pencil to school supplies list
alert me at 3pm to goto the concert
It's my mother's birthday today Olly, send me a notification every year on this date.
seems like your answer you have was wrong.
Email John Smith.
Change the color of the lights to blue
Can you find the Breakfast Club radio show?
Ok Google, where's the best and most affordable place to stay in San Diego
PDA: Tell Bob Smith...
Open my email account and check for new mail.
PDa, what does 1 USD equal in AUS
please retweet this post on twitter
would you repeat.
show me share price of amazon.
hmm, i think you did task in wrong manner.
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
let's try what you have said again.
Best paid jobs in digital marketing in my area
PDA, what time does the festival officially start?
Is my calendar free for Thursday?
will the temperature be higher than 40 tomorrow?
delete the birthday party tomorrow at 2pm
Please delete this event
PDA, What kind of event is happening around me?
Play some country music
Will it snow next week?
Get me the top news from Huffington Post.
Olly, what's the current weather?
Is my alarm set?
Who is currently the oldest living person in the world?
what is the weather right now outside?
Please set my alarm clock for 8am
WIll I need an umbrella today?
tell me the date today
Bedroom lights off now.
Task, meeting
How is the traffic presently near Central park road.
delete calendar item
it's too quiet in here
Add my sister on calendar for pedicures on Friday.
s2, can not get your response.
Just let me know the current date today
that is not what i meant.
would you elaborate again to me please.
Where is the statue of liberty located
bbc
I need to go to Dundee at 5am on Sunday by train
What is the week today?
Go to my favorite radio channel.
Make the light in here redder.
Please remove milk from my grocery list as I already bought one today.
Learn my consciousness so well I could go on living in PDA form after I die.
uh no, you gave me wrong information.
What is the Seattle city council doing about homelessness?
What is today's weather?
play first song on next album
go to the event day and delete
ah that's awesome work.
yeah that's great.
Alexa, increase the brightness of the light. It is hard to see down here.
How many kilometers did I walk today?
hey siri what time is it
could you further clarify me about it please.
s1, please elaborate again to me.
vacuum the living room in 10 minutes
What's new on iTunes?
How much is two train tickets?
did you make a mistake.
What are the current lists I have?
any high priority emails
wouldn't care, olly.
Monthly weather report
you are awesome,.
Respond with...
thanks but i think this was not the right answer.
Can you tell me my weekly list?
whats the news like in the UK
Please open Blokus game, I would like to play with you
any latest updates for the games.
Play the song I listen to the most
Whats happening in football today?
this song is too length
Find a kid friendly event in my area for tonight.
Remind me about my meeting at 2pm
Please update my status on platform X
Can you recall my pending reminders?
confirm detail.
can you try the last one spoken once again.
search for gluten free menus
give me name and type of this music
Olly make me coffee at 8am
Play me some rock
Vacuum the kitchen
Send a Tweet
make the room brighter
i would not really care.
silence PDA
do not bother.
Horoscope
Compose an email to Bob
whatever will be ok for me.
could you tell me it once more please.
Place of Train times
Please show me today's date?
What are today's headlines?
For the week of the 20th delete all tutoring events.
Is there any new vegan news on FaceBook?
Delete all events for today.
Can you able to say the word demonetisation
Martial Arts
define 'philosophy'
weather on monday
What is the US Dollar Euro exchange rate?
What is the definition of this?
thanks, it's good one.
pls reducw the sound
Do I have any new emails from Kellogg?
please tell me that one more again.
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
Oliver will send me an email on Thursday and please set up a calendar appointment for our meeting based on the date he will provide on that email.
Delete the list item about the meeting.
reply to joes email
Alexa, what information do you have on file in my information about Bill ?
Tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful.
how to make sausage PDA.
what is US dollar today
Echo, play 'I Can't Feel My Face.'
What are the prices of train tickets to San Diego?
Tell me some braking news in new york
you have got my instructions correcly.
lose the last item in the list.
find the list
latest iphone
Please send an email to Sally regarding tomorrows meeting.
I want to wake up at 6:00 am tomorrow please
PDA! Tell mom ill be late this evening
Please make me a cup of coffee
I want to read Yahoo news
Olly delete my appointment for tomorrow at three p.m.
how warm today is
i would like it to help with coding/debugging
Email to my family saying I love you all
What is going on Thursady the fifth?
Where is the Closest Restaurant
Please lower music volume
Please tune in to FM 95.
i am sorry but i think it was not the right response.
Alexa play my most recent playlist.
Doller rate
Show me my contacts
send mail to sanantha about body exercise schedule.
I want it to remember my preferences and recommend me things based on them when I ask.
have no idea about what to choose, olly.
Is it windy out?
thanks but this is not the right response.
Please start clash of clans
where do you work
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
see if there is something related to my job
would you try what i have just said one more time please.
Play R&B
Where is kansas located
Does paradise has takeaway
title of content
What's the weather now?
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
Olly I need to remember to get to the shops before they close
Olly what does the shirt look like?
How old is Tom Hanks?
are you sure that is correct.
My mother needs the weekly weather sent to her.
Hey, when is the next local from Mumbai to Pune?
it's confirmed.
Remind me about my alarms today.
Tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty-one is.
no, this is not what i am looking for.
i could not get your words.
could you confirm my last instruction please.
Please let me know the morning alarm time kept for Weekends
Order a takeaway sandwich and soup from The Italian's
Show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
I want the music to be saved. Can you do it for me?
please will you tell me once more.
Recommend artists similar to Rihanna
How is the weather down in Orange, Tx?
Olly can you remind me about the gym class in 2 hrs
May i know whats at location 1258745
Olly what time is it in this city?
Can you tell me the exchange rate for Canadian currency
play new songs by barenaked ladies
Check for emails from my employer
you are helpful, thanks.
I got invited to the pub on Saturday
get rid of a list
Ok Google, let's play FMOD
please set event on monday
Please remind me about this tomorrow
Set colour blue for all lights of my house
Remove aniversary event from my calendar
What's going on tonight in Sacramento
raise all the lights on
that is all, cancel it.
would you confirm last thing i said please.
I want to play a game
consequences to actions
Describe the Heart Stone card game.
did trey sand any messages?
Tell me Lexmark's current stock price.
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
Kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
please let us try that one more again.
What continent is Germany on
How many people live in Takjistan?
What's on my list today?
list check
it's cool, thank you, olly.
olly can you stop it.
Tell me about Neal Adams
what is current traffic in ohio
Is there is a High traffic?
Given it is 4:35 pm in London, what time is it in Melbourne?
how many oceans are there?
Hey, start vacuum cleaner robot
Do I have any appointments on March 30th
what is the current eastern time
please tell me the last one spoken one more time.
Play all my favorite songs
book me a train ride
check email today
Can you put on love playlist?
Olly, explain the meaning of 2001: A Space Odyssey
switch off bedroom light
speak the last one you said one more again please.
stop please.
Please cancel all alarms for tomorrow.
Is there any traffic on my way to work?
Write this complaint to Comcasts customer service twitter
there are errors.
wait, i think you have messed up with.
What's the time difference between here and queensland?
about vijay
Please show my list
Stop playing
Light off living room.
open calendar
Where is the nearest Olive Garden?
explain object
show todays news about migration
i would like you cancel it.
Find me a good pop song
What is five over three?
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
Let me know if anything happens on that subject
Alter the color of the lights at home.
that's not what i said.
Refer the stock price of HDFC
Remind me at 2 pm Tuesday for the 3 pm meeting with the boss.
Let me know when three hours have passed.
will you speak what i have just said once more please.
List out all song
Give an entry to this list.
Delete the first aarm
cancel the meeting next week thusday at 2pm
whats a good joke?
bbc live
what movies are going around me?
Have I received any emails in the last hour?
what is the longest river on earth
What is happening in Delhi today?
that is of no importance to me, olly.
where is the statue of libery?
Is Jessica's birthday on April 12th?
Prepare the order as soon as possible.
What is the definition of mutual?
Siri, if you could eat, what would you eat, and why?
i think you made mistake, please change this.
open lyft
doesn't matter for me.
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train?
Tell me the best player of basketball of this week
i do not mind to choose any one, olly.
what is going on in Milwaukee
please rewind to start of podcast
I would like to order some takout
Tell me present time in Malaysia
Get recipe for making a hotdog
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at x time?
Check any email related to online orders
you did it correcly.
What is the time in Beijing
Can you turn off kitchen light for me
What is my afternoon schedule tomorrow?
locate information on john smith about his work location
Add dates without me having to tell to, like tv schedules.
that's all, just cancel.
today needs to be marked as my cheat day
please remind me to do this job in the evening
Read me my alarms
Why does Sofia Vergara look so young?
Change the lights to green.
Type an email for me please.
How do I save money on groceries for family of 6?
Play Bad Religion folder
it is not what i requested.
How Many food items on the list
your answer was not so clear.
tell person A i want meet him today.
Tell me what happened today from 8am to 9am.
Playback Tom Clancy: Splinter Cell
oh that's wonderful.
prompt me about TV programm at 16:15 on Thursday at BBC four
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
Your volume is too high, please repeat that lower.
Please remind me of
Write down that I am going to meet with Jenny on the third, okay?
order me chinese food
Remove today's meeting at evening
list shops in second street
What is the recipe for
What does a grapefruit look like?
where is my gf right now
Add this song to my catalogue
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Mexico?
sorry but you did not get command right.
Show me news about Trump
Add a meeting with... to my calendar and...
please tell me what you have just said one more time again.
s2, i am unclear about your words.
route to melbourne
Is there new news from cnn.com?
Begin reply...
would you again clarify me about your answer please.
let's have the lights blue
What restaurants around here have good reviews?
Olly, trending hot news topics.
please could you tell me one more again.
Does Peking Garden do orders online?
Notify me of the latest news on the stock market
Hot news.
kill item
confirm what last said please.
Akhilesh Yadav get alignment with Rahul Gandhi for U. P. election.
Let me know what Maria has put on her FB over the weekend
Play the latest Seahawks Podcast.
Remind me 2 days before my wife birthday
Are there any alarms currently set.
dammit, i didn't say this.
longest river in the world
What is the status of my food order
How about some pizza tonight Olly? Can you please order a pepperoni large?
are there any new emails from Robert Jones?
i appreciate it, that was great one.
what the traffic condition outside my office?
play all Third Day
Schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
who is the music director of this song
Olly, please list the best clothing shops near me.
give me all available lists
What are my next few events?
that is unimportant to me, olly.
Read me the last email from Stefan and oil change
what is a funny joke about car
save the new list
I need a repeating reminder for every Monday at 3:30 p.m.
Create email to John start body I am interested in seeing the car you have for sale can we schedule a time to meet? Send
Please Play Aretha Franklin's Call Me next.
get me the latest news in NY
Is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
Surrounding environment
Open media player and play top 40's hits
Will I need my snow boots this afternoon?
Read me the latest New York Times headlines
What's a description of a virtual reality headset?
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
status of take away
What is the time in India right now?
Remind me to go to the store every friday
evens please
yeah you get command exactly.
PDA how is traffic?
Can you add cups to my grocery list?
play npr on this station
on january 25 set meeting for XXX
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
appreciate your helping, olly.
show my meeting
get the command right.
just idle chit chat
please say it again.
What events do I have planned for the next two weeks?
you helped a lot, appreciated.
Play ... podcast
what is the status quo for traffic right now
I want to send a tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
Remind me every friday to go to my son's basketball game
would not really mind for whatever.
Have any emails arrived in the last 15 minutes?
any one is good with me.
Please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
sorry but i think you didn't get the response right.
i want you to confirm detail please.
Play a selection of Classical Music.
i don't know.
Give me the information of today's cricket match
Turn down the brightness.
Want to play rock
I like top 40 music
PDA, new emails from ****?
What is the difference between yesterdays and todays stock prices for Walmart
Is there any upcoming events
What are the top stories on CNN?
Remind me to go shopping every week
alexa update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail.com
I am tired
send email to boss saying I will be late.
Play episode 3 Secrets of the Citadel
What should the internal temperature of a turkey be?
THIS MAY BRINGS GIVEN OF THESE PROBLES TO US
do the restaurant deliver?
let me know what is remaining on my query
Play The Health Show on the television in the living room.
What I did at this time?
yes it's great.
Send email to joe@aol.com
Find Pitbull songs
Any suggestions on a good time for an hour meeting this week?
this must be mistake.
would you check and confirm the details please.
would you say one more time again please.
Start the coffee machine at three.
I need the recipe for...
Get me the updates of the election polling.
Can you please disregard the party that I will be going to this weekend on my calendar.
Please send an email to John saying I'm on Leave
Could you dim the ligths
Create a new list for me
current time in NY
PDA show all emails sent to me from my boss
Change the lights to blue Olly.
you have done that correctly thank you so much, olly.
Will I get sweaty today?
do I have anything set for the 4th of July this year?
olly would you shut down please.
get me the news from XYZ news
Please remind me to call Duker at 1:00 pm on Thursday.
what is todays close of goog
olly will you shut off.
Send me updates on the Standing Rock protest.
Ok Google, start KIIS FM
please reset that.
i think it's not the correct response.
How did George Rogers Clark die?
Please go to Amtrak.com to purchase tickets
In this month how many holidays are there
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
would you say the last one said one more again please.
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow?
have no idea regarding to what to do.
you are awesome, appreciated.
Find some classical music by Beethoven and play it.
Launch super mario.
Check the status of my power usage
give detail of next week weather.
can you turn my bathroom lights off
i don't care.
let's try the words one more time again please.
create an event 'gym day' on monday and set it to repeat
notify me in 15 before meeting starts
I don't want to attend the dinner on March 1st anymore, so could you remove it from my agenda?
Read me a news article about Jeff Sessions.
Define Economics
train ticket
repeat that.
tweet about what can be done for it
Order a train ticket to Boston.
tell me once again please.
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
it's useful,, olly.
After this song please play this song
What are my reminders for this week?
i would like PDA to solve maths issues
Tune in to Ryan Seacrest on the living room radio
would not mind to select any one, olly.
Olly I want to go to the outdoor movie screening this weekend, remind me
Lead the way to the place!
Time please?
Echo, play the Barney theme song.
Please tell me my alarms
Start playing podcast about books.
is the mail from chris about work?
I need some rap!
See my inbox for mail I received from X person
Is there any festivals this weekend?
What is the time in Hyderabad ?
tell me a date
show me events that are going on right now
will you please clarify again to me.
I want to play the game of life with you.
Play the latest song of Eminem.
PDA: What's 1/2 cup plus 2/3rd cup
s1, will you please once again clarify me on what you have just said.
Make a new contact with this email.
Hello PDA, Beef up the volume little bit
WHat is the latest news from CBS?
What does the weather forecast for the upcoming week look like?
UPDATE ANY NEW EMAILS
search the region
What are my reminders for this month?
Play only songs by the Beatles, please.
stock price
Find some smooth Jazz for me.
Do I have anything on the list?
What's the weather doing in Grand Rapids, MI now?
schedule pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
I cup of Joe would be nice right now, Olly
I would like to hear some good funny jokes.
What do you think was the best decade?
how will be the weather tomorrow?
Tell me about the latest environmental news.
Is it going to rain in the evening?
your answer is not clear.
start new smart socket
Create a new list of grocery store
add this new email
What is my astrology report for today
stock price for sprint
PDA, what's the word orange mean?
please correct the wrong command.
Send a reply to that email.
more light
When is the yearly cultural event coming up?
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
Erase all data from calendar
Will it be windy tonight?
Is it going to rain today in Columbus?
Could you please book me a taxi going to 'location'?
Give me my list.
cancel future event from place I worked
set direction to central market
What does the email say that was sent 30 minutes ago from Mom.
it seems like your command is wrong.
miami
Can you backward an episode in the podcast?
you have done it right thank you very much.
Play me a song by Van Halen
Set phone to vibrate for a reminder 5 minutes before my next meeting
Check calendar
Will I need to wear a coat today?
Delivery from dominos.
i am unclear about the last sentence.
Olly mark 1st january as new year event for every day
how hot will it be tomorrow PDA?
that's cool,.
Has anything happened to Mass Effect?
what is immigrant?
remove wyatt's birthday party from my calendar
Show Ana number
When is Stassi Schroedder's birthday?
Explain it
Tell me all the pending reminders
Where is Pategonia?
play pong against me
pls send a mail to my friend divya how ru
What currency does England use?
How old is Bruce Willis?
I need a good shop
it must be some mistakes.
Dorothy needs to talk to me about our divorce. Can you please set up a meeting as soon as I am available?
appreciated, that was fantastic.
Please turn off the smart plug socket.
i think you did task all wrongly.
can you tell me the current time?
turn off one light in my bedroom
lets play
When is Easter in the year 2018?
10AM
what going on, PDA?
Time & Date
please fix the wrong command.
Olly what happened lately regarding fashion?
Temp Chennai
we should play nfs at high speed
What happened with it?
can you confirm instruction.
hows twitter
thanks but it was not the right answer.
today's news
What's the latest news from T-mobile?
What is a circuit board?
thank you so much for the response.
Where did Mel Gibson grow up?
i'd like to hear the last again.
Notify me when I am supposed to attend the dance recital on March 5th.
How is the traffic in San Francisco over the Bay Bridge?
What time is the train to San francisco due?
Tell me more about the show.
Where do I get my pet fixed?
Can you really see Russia from Alaska?
check if i need umbrella now
play with me, game x
can u please make a cofee
Assistant, please play Royksopp Running to the Sea
I want to listen to 94.1 please.
Turn off the speakers
Write a tweet to Burger King expressing my disapproval
Give me the description about watch
wats up
TDL
PDA, send email to Cat that I will accept job offer
I need a train ticket to denver
Create a new list of my due bills
Is there a national holiday on 5th december?
open <unk> mhz
play chess with me please
you've done it right thank you so much, olly.
uhh no, that isn't what i am looking for.
Change volume
meetings from 20 to 25 june
want to make the game
open my reminders
What time is it in Miami, Florida?
Show me the contents of the list
i wouldn't care.
has any mail received with an attachment ?
Get me the news from UC web
Recent tech headlines
Draft response to John's email
Get rid of the 5 pm alarm.
Smiley
list my today's meeting
thanks but i think you have got me incorrect.
Check out my to do list.
Play a game with me
I said
Email mom about lunch
it's good work, thank you.
Set a event for the evening
would you confirm that please.
i have no idea about what to do.
Play stuff you should know
Increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
Is the 23rd of April a Saturday?
What is IBM's stock worth?
Save my opinion on Adele's song.
Play A R Rahman music
Make the room blue.
Funny joke
Look up the definition of blunder.
play bingo
audio
Does Fongs have delivery?
Start Dune from where I left off.
Play Chopin
PLease continue reading audiobook
what's sensational in time of india.
Lights off in the kitchen, please.
Play radio mirchi for me
is there any salon in babaji nagar
Alexa locate me the amazon restaurants
General Health tips
Book a taxi to pick up Shelley Hennessey at Gate 4 of the airport for the arrival of AA flight 5431 at 3:21 on Friday.
sorry but i think got that not right.
Remove sample meeting from calendar app
send reply too..
i think you had this wrong.
Hey Olly, what time does the 4 train leave the station?
turn on an alarm for 9am
Turn all lights off during the day.
reminde me while am free
What's going on in new york
Who was the chief guest of the event?
Vacuum the floor
Show me the stock price for google.
Robots working at jobs
it's awesome, appreciated.
check item 5 on my to do list
Can I remove a reminder?
In the Repeat section, enter a start date.Choose the drop-down next to Weekly to change the recurring event to a Daily,
lets correct the sentences
i would not really mind to choose any one.
Show the to do list for today
i don't mind.
Can you sync my calendar with mark?
Olly what chinese restaurants are in my area?
Turn up radio volume
PDA, Tell me how the world began.
add tal meeting on 21st at 7
what kind of lists do i have
Can you please give the overnight low temps for Costa Mesa?
set up notification for meeting
10.02.17
Please update me on my social media accounts.
i would like you to confirm the question please.
please can you check what i said.
clear my day olly from meetings
you've done the task incorrectly.
that's correct.
Olly, where is the closest bar
Clear my events for tomorrow
how many hours gone from midnight on  city.
Silently adjust
What is the the Times headline?
does restaurant has home delivery
local area events?
please I want to hear We will rock you from Queen
Let's go through all pending reminders.
Is is taco-o'clock yet?
Start a pot of coffee, please.
Do I need to wear a coat?
PDA what do i have planned for this week
you did it perfectly.
lindafancy55@gmail.com
please let's try your word spoke again.
Play music from Party playlist
would you please check the details.
Family entertainment
doesn't really matter.
I would like a cheeseburger.
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
let's just skip appointment at time
that was good one, thank you so much.
turn off lights in my room
play the second song from anirudh's song.
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
Play some old school rap.
play a movie I'll like
popular culture news
remind me at the time of the event
hey siri what are the latest headlines today
will you please check it.
Where are we in the stream of time?
Put on station x
Delete meeting schduled with John on 21 March
Please turn the lights on.
did you get question correctly?
please try the last one you said once more.
Add dan's email
Play the song 'doggie style' in continuous mode
yeap confirmed.
My day is going well, add a memo.
reach by mail to my family.
Calculate the resistance of this resistor.
Please schedule meeting with Ri at 10AM on April 1st
what is a work phone number of Emilia?
Who is the songwriter?
local events
Email staff group distribution about tomorrow's meeting
Please, raise the lights to max
Alert me when the outside temperature reaches 68 degrees
check in a taxi for booking
Tell me sum of five and six
I want to understand a poem from Borges about death
is it bumper to bumper
please will you say that one more again.
How do i go to Athens by train?
Which place has more traffic?
wouldn't really bother.
Put in Next Queue 'Badra Bahar' by Amit Trivedi.
What to do today
s1, would you elaborate me more on what you said now please.
Play next Nutritional Facts
remove list please
Please let me know when is Sam's birthday
what's the time in madrid
What movie do you recommend tonight?
Remove from the playlist my Old English Songs list
Raise living room lights half way
do we have 31st day on this month?
Tune in some radio
How long do you cook a fifteen pound turkey?
Do you store personal information about me?
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
Delete my appointment tomorrow
tell me who the senders of my emails.
Explain quantum physics to me in language I understand.
Play the podcast entitled episode 1 Making a Murderer.
is black sea real
Search new mail
Hi, what kind of pictures you uploaded in Pinterest
PDA, What's the schedule for this date?
does Arby's do takeaway
Please tell me when is the marriage of mr.JIM?
Where can I but a Switch?
It's coffee time
PDA, how long does it take water to boil?
Repeat this event every Friday on my calendar.
nope.
i do not really mind, olly.
play me a recent cover of cherry bomb
None
tweet my internet provider that their service is sluggish
could you please check that.
get todays climate forecast here
perfect job, you've done well.
Has the University of Greenwich emailed me
Please play any song by Lady Gaga.
PDA name: get rid of xxxx from the list
who sung this?
Is there any party on my calendar for this weekend?
Find me the smallest coffee shop in New Orleans.
no, incorrect.
Tsunami reasons
yeap you get that perfectly.
yes confirmed.
todays events
olly's command failed.
dating
In my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month.
shit, i didn't say that.
directions to the target on i-40
Turn off the lights
Play The Health Show on my cell phone
Which days will I be working nights in the month of March.
What is the exchange rate as of today
What is the time difference between my location and Hong Kong?
by switch off
Can you change the lights to white?
what is the xxx
How big is the Grand Canyon?
don't really bother, olly.
Remove my car payment on my calendar.
Let me laugh hearing some good joke
Keep me informed about bitcoin price.
Find me the local NPR station.
Turn up/down the sound
the command was wonderful.
set a reminder for 12:30:  Meeting with the boss
PDA check info on someone
Ok Google, what do you think of Trump
Play love songs radio on Pandora.
would not really mind for any one.
reply email
How is weather in New York City?
Do you want to hear what have happened today?
i will need a scalf in  afternoon to overcome sunlight
Remove Soccer list from notes
What is the definition of inchoate?
Tweet this tweet ___________ and at this company
It was a cool day
do it again.
i appreciate your response.
alexa remind me to go to my doctors at 4pm on tuesday
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Females
do i have a meeting on friday
let us try your last things once more please.
PDA, please add an item in my calendar.
I have a date with the World bank Group on the 28th, please remind me.
sorry but i think you don't get it correctly.
any one would be okay with me, olly.
Will it be cold/
What is the current status of resolving general relativity with quantum physics?
PDA, can you give me a rundown on John Legend?
hey siri my the lights a little warmer
Let me hear some music
What is the capital of Jordan
Please play Michael Jackson album
Tweet at Youtube saying...
How can the word  placid be used?
i like you check what i last said please.
Remind me about my Monday meeting with Peter Francis fifteen minutes before the meeting.
Find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
PDA, What is a...
what gun shows are in tulsa?
Make me a coffee please
Are there any interesting events around this area?
what is trump's approval rating
suffering consequences
turn up media volume
Do I have a date on Friday?
thank you for completing it, olly.
get me the location of denmark?
What are the upcoming concerts in Dallas?
Remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at 9:00 a.m.
would you just cancel it please.
politics
you are helpful, appreciated.
at 4pm how long will be the remaining travel time to the destination
Tell me if there are any events from three to five
Search the album name with Katy Perry.
When is the third Monday of this month?
could you say the last one spoken one more again.
Send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china.
Who is this artist?
I want to have a new playlist of 80s songs
How old is janet jackson
what time is alarm set for
Next Thursday I need to be reminded to call the bank
i think this was wrong answer.
Explain to me about what different countries are represented in the Book of Revelation
hmm, i think you did that all wrong.
Order me a Cheese burger from Tommy's burgers
s2, your response was not so clear.
olly make the lights blue please
Please check my Facebook account.
Text your lost Android phone to turn the ringer volume up 100%
explain last sentence once again please.
What is eastern standard time right noe?
Book train ticket for this time
I want to hear a book by Torey Hayden
Anyone for tennis?
How many people are using this application at this time?
Send an email to john asking him what time works for the meeting
Olly, I would like to here Pictures next.
What is the population of New York
What all lists are available?
PDA post a status using the latest notes I made in my notepad.
what do you think about future
I am no longer attending the wedding on the 10th so remove it from my calendar.
look up the definition to ambulance
what is the schedule time of 'punjab mail' to reach gwalior?
Keep me up to date with the world news.
hey siri tell me what shops I am near
can you check that please.
Am I having brunch with Sarah today?
What events do I have scheduled today
Tell me the news about share market ups and downs.
Are there any new Snapchats?
Forward a complaint to MTS regarding Internet speed issues
Music, led Zeppelin, houses of the holy
olly what's the recipe for lasagna
prepare some cups of coffee for us
Please subscribe me to updates about US breaking news.
What is the geographic region of _________
show me map of this location.
add to list
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train?
Did Joe leave any contact information in his email?
Name off all the lists I own.
please would you check it.
Find me the description of this object
remove any kind of list.
I like music from when I was a teenager in the 80's.
new address
moderate
Please delete this list
set up a train ticket for next week friday
sorry but you did not instruction the request right.
what's the best chicken place near me
Send Email to Bro and say Hi come down for dinner tonight
Tell me random joke.
Do I have any available time for a doctor's appointment on Tuesday morning?
play the book which i heard on some particular day.
Play lady by kenny roger
Please turn off any lights that are still on.
i want you check the detail please.
sorry but that's not the correct response.
Olly, I need some coffee, please.
Olly, remind me about my next meeting, a few hours ahead of time.
Describe scheduled events
All lights colour to blue please
Lower the volume on the speakers.
olly please could you just cancel.
I would like to listen to
i'd like you confirm what i last said please.
Can you tell me if I have any alarms set?
i did not quite catch that.
Save opinion
play the song
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
How long until my takeaway.
When does the F train run today?
really i don't mind, olly.
dammit, not correct answer.
Tell me the weather situation
Make a coffee
i think you have done it all wrong.
Tell me about the events going on around my location
Mute volume now
Pull up the menu for the closest Mexican restaurant?
Delete all events and content from my calender.
What is the weather like in Toronto?
What lists do I have that I haven't updated one way or another in the past week?
quality of sound check
today get umberrlow
Repeat this list in random order
Add yoga to my calendar for friday.
Information
cancel next meeting
Just let me know the important appointments with dealers over the week
How many kilograms is 210lbs
Hey, Its too hot outside. What is the temperature this afternoon?
what time is it in that city
how can I learn cooking?
PDA add Gold Digger to queue
pls change timezone to canada
directions to sainsburys.
Get louder
i want you to confirm details please.
can you start over.
Tweet to Apple about non receipt of iphone I sent for repairs last week
Check for emails from my boss.
where to buy a train ticket
How was the day
What is the current time in our home town?
hey Olly, it was pretty much hectic day today.
On all the button on dashboard
What is the name of that song?
Power off please
I need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone.
i wouldn't mind.
tell me the artist of this song.
Activate vacuum cleaner
olly could you just cancel please.
really don't mind, olly.
I need to set up a recurring event in my calendar please
Make the ceiling lights brighter.
This fact sheet provides considerations for how to set up your food-processing business.
Tell me if I should use the train or bus to get across town today?
Start the vacuum cleaner
that was right.
Have any emails come in since 4:00 today?
i appreciate helping.
post this message on twitter
What is the time difference between central and eastern
Tune into this radio station
Play classic rock
Will there any events downtown this weekend?
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of passive?
What are the top world news stories?
Please open a reply to the email.
Can you cook something special for me and my wife?
I don't need that event anymore.
What is traffic?
Can you please tell me what I have on my list?
Olly how many quarts are in a gallon?
please will you explain me more on what you've said.
kenny roger's lady play
find list in my pda
Tweet Kohls about the cleanliness of their store
cook some coffees
What kind of shoes should I leave the house with?
How is the traffic situation in Houston street?
Call Peking Garden
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
Tell me the time.
i am sorry but that is not the correct command.
action
I would like to hear some Levin
i can't understand your words.
What week of the year does the summer season start?
olly i'd like you stop.
Cancel my event on June 19th
Get me a ride on the commuter train from NJ to NY.
Remind me in two days to check my emails.
wrong.
you are the best, thank you very much.
What is the current temperture in my area.
Play Power 102.3.
Olly, whats the capital of new york?
Set a reminder that I have to visit my father tomorrow.
Place order for a chicken manchow soup from Wangs Kitchen restaurant.
What time is my alarm set for?
Play funk music
check and confirm detail.
PDA: Add this channel to Pandora
olly, find a description about a samung tv
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN I CAN BECOME RICH IF I INVESTED IN DOW STOCKS TODAY AND WHAT WILL BE THE RETURN AFTER 5 YEARS.
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
It's quiet time
PDA what do I have on my shopping list?
Remove chores from my to-do list
HIGH STOCK PRICE
what is the date for the event scheduled on the 20th of february alexa
What is the weather like in Iowa.
What music is currently playing on 99.9FM?
is it cold outside right now?
olly please just stop.
tomorrow is a sunny day, right?
please let us do it again.
Find me a chocolate cake recipe.
thanks but it is not the right response.
Send e-mail to Jim's work e-mail
do I have any notifications from social media
Olly, find my next appointment and delete it.
is it march
PDA, please add this to my calender
Will you please play the next episode of podcast.
please turn socket off
Cortana, play a song by Paramore.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR YEN TO USD
great job, you have done well.
Add new contact and send email
Whats 10 percent  off 40 dollars
i think you've understood me wrongly.
Turn off my alarms
Olly, darker lights please.
Read me the latest international news.
shit, i didn't ask for this.
i want to order som pizza
Buddy adding event in your calendar
Alarm set 8 am
Shutoff light in the kitchen
olly i want you just stop it.
will you replay what you have said please.
Most recently received emails
Set the speakers to mute.
Where was Jennifer Lopez born?
Tell me about any pending reminder
brighten  of lights in living room
Where can I go shopping here?
i have no idea for what to do.
what is the purpose of
Show me the events in my work calender for next week.
How many of my sports podcasts have new episodes I have not listened to yet?
Arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
is there an alarm at 4 am?
Play Creed from my rock playlist.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
song next please
Play sec01 music from good playlist
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
that's fantastic work, appreciated, olly.
please could you tell me once more.
Please turn the porch light to blue.
What is the weather like tomorrow?
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti?
thanks but you do not get answer correctly.
Olly, dim the lights in the hall
What are some recent e-mails in my inbox?
Olly, how many calories is in an apple?
Show me my reminders.
my review
Cancel my meeting with Lisa on Tuesday and reschedule it for Thursday
This room lights off.
Check to see if Pizza Hut has my order on the way.
where is the event today?
you've done that right.
I'm going to the theater on Friday at 7 with Dave. Can you add that to my calendar?
Book a train ticket on the 502 in 15 minutes
Please delete next meeting with Rajesh.
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order.
There is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
please say once more.
What information should i know for my meetings today?
i have no idea about which to choose.
really i would not mind.
Who is celebrity
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
Celebrity news
Is it raining now?
start playing the following podcast
Find the nearest Olive Garden that has take out service.
show news of migration
thanks but you don't instruction the request correctly.
what's the time in hong kong
i am sorry but i think that is not correct.
How do I contact Charles?
that was confirmed.
reminders for doctor visit
Tell me the deepest sea in the world
how much is 1 USD in INR
play me some U2 from the 80's
Can you start the coffee?
Does PF Changs do takeout?
Show latest news about migration
olly just cancel.
What's the latest on the judicial hearings?
Will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee.
delete birthday party
I need a train ticket to (location). Book ticket.
Turn off one light on porch
Set event in the calendar.
Keep me informed on this
When is Easter?
Play a news radio station
what does ....... mean?
you have done that right i appreciate it.
Remind me about my next meeting with joe one hour before
Does Kim Kardashian wear Converse?
Can you erase the haircut I have scheduled for Friday?
Check all the new them wmails and mark them star
will you repeat.
Am I free on x day?
Remove cereal from my shopping list.
google....
i like you just cancel.
What is hair made up of?
open playlist
yeah you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
play song number
Please add an event to my calendar.
i'd like to hear what i've just said again.
Find me some celebrities that are capricorns.
when is Jacob's birthday?
i think that's not the correct command.
alexa event reminder mona tuesday
i think it was not the correct answer.
uhh no, i did not say it.
Is traffic heavy?
delete any and all events
Add dan@dan.com to my contacts
remove list of outgoing calls
Go to channel 106.9
facebook info
Start up League of Legends for me.
Can I please have the weather for tomorrow here in Costa Mesa?
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
List the curret price of Microsoft shares.
Olly has David got back to me yet?
How to spell the word treble
you have done it correctly thank you so much.
broadcast a video in youtube
set an alarm at 6 in the morning
Do I have anything planned for the 21st?
Any special events on my list?
Place family phone on instagram
you don't understand what i was searching for.
that's good.
please retry the last said.
Available meetings in March are what?
how expensive is Polish zloty?
Please play the ESPN FC podcast following the Barcelona UCL comeback.
get a cup of coffee ready now
Send tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
alert
Remove my latest list
Have I got any reminders in my calendar?
What state is David Lynch from?
can you check for any new emails?
Olly what's my agenda for the remainder of the week
i am sorry but you are incorrect.
Are there any free events on in my area today?
Change my alarms to Mountain time
what is the stock price of amazon.
deaft an email to kailey about work later
whaich is the richeast country in the worls in terms of income and standard of living.
Become a helicopter
please just stop.
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train?
I want to listen to soft rock.
you did wonderful work, appreciated.
hey siri make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
will it rain on friday PDA?
please post this message to my Facebook page
What is the cheapest ticket available next week for a roundtrip 3 day trip to Iceland?
DO I HAVE ANY APPOINTMENTS THIS WEEK?
remove birthday from calendar
skip this song
What are the train times to Chicago?
it is not what i just requested.
What are the trains i could board tonight to head to XXX this evening?
what's the current temperature outside
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
In jaipur traffic level is high
Please find a email from my friend, Tiffany
Alexa, send mom the following email
Play mindsweeper with me.
Are there any events going on at the library this week?
Olly where can I find nike shoes in Cleveland
Set reminder for date night with husband next Friday
pull up trump stories
get radio
I'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now, please.
Set me up with a ticket for the 5pm commuter to Rockville.
Can you make sure the kitchen light is off?
Schedule a one hour appointment for Saturday.
Can I hear the 50 hits that you can hear on radios now?
Tell me meaning of hurricane
How is traffic over the Donner Summit now?
put xxx on the list
Book a train ticket from Canada to Las Vegas.
set a weekly meeting for friday 9am
will you check details please.
Remind me every 1st of the month.
Evaporated
Did I set reminder for tomorrow meeting at 5 pm?
you are smart, olly.
Tweet to Amazon about late delivery of my TV
What are the names of all my current lists?
Alexa, as expected, I received a hike today, you might get update.
Okay, Reply to email.
yeah that's confirmed.
Olly I'm looking for some dress shows, can you find clothing stores within 1 mile
Who is the current President of United States
I haven't checked my Facebook yet, are there any updates from my close friends?
no.
please check it.
could you confirm it please.
Do I have any meetings today?
send new email to joejoe@gmail.com
s1, please elaborate me on what you just said further.
what is the time in new york
What is a virtual reality headset?
PLEASE TELL ME TO TAKE MY UMBERALA BECAUSE IT WILL BE VERY HOT TODAY.
please elaborate again to me.
Tweet Macy's a complaint about their sales clerk.
I WANT TO LISTON ARIJIT'S SONGS, PLZ TUNE THAT.
Can you tell me the current time in Dallas, Texas?
I am hungry, please contact China Wok for a number seven.
please confirm detail.
Olly Kfix is my favorite rapper
don't really mind, olly.
Play by favorite radio station.
What are the events conducted in NY?
you've done it correctly.
Olly, Go to the next episoade of The United States of Anxiety podcast
Alexa, today I had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart. Play me a nice song to the mood.
What is the exchange rate of USD to CAD
Secure train passage for me on July 3.
check the last thing said please.
any one would be good to me.
you did a mistake, please check that.
March 5th is John's birthday, please place this on the calendar.
Is it going to snow today?
Resume audiobook player.
email <unk>
I'd like to hear Queen's Barcelona
Resume the playback of Zanes Sex Chronicles
What's the current temperature?
would you confirm my last command please.
Which teams are playing this weekend?
Remove the alarm set for 10pm
When is the wedding scheduled.
show bio of rihana
yeap that's exact.
i appreciate it, it's awesome.
PDA, how do you zest a lime without a zester?
Register complaint on twitter.
What time is 12PM Eastern Time in Pacific Time?
Get me up in half an hour
please will you rephrase further on what you have just said to me.
john marriage anniversary
please will you tell me one more time again.
ah it is excellent.
it's good one, appreciated.
Search for 2 tickets on Tuesday's train to Paris
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
get news about new nuclear policy
Give me the recipe of steak
olly would you shut off.
that's nice one, thank you very much, olly.
Olly, today I had a record breaking sale!
What are the steps for biriyani meal
what is the distance between New York and Berlin?
appreciate helping.
What are the top news headlines right now?
Search for your favorite meal
Send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
Add apahelp@yahoo.com to my contacts.
What is the average temperature in March for Pennsylvania and how does that compare to the last 10 years?
send email 'thank you very much' to sarah as a reply
listen to npr radio
Please turn off shuffle setting
repeat jazz
your response is incorrect.
Latest movie releases
whatever would be fine with me, olly.
What day does my birthday fall on this year, June 27th?
How old is Jennifer Anniston?
It snowed today
help me in knowing the background of person X
CISCO SYSTEM
west side races
yes that's amazing.
what are the probability that it will rain today?
Erase all the events.
i am unclear about it.
PDA can you schedule me for a hair cut on April 1st in Saskatoon.
Please show new emails
remove the milk from the shopping list
fine me a train to denver
shopping
it seems like your response you have gotten was incorrect.
yes excellent response to the command.
resume the last played audiobook
Can I get the food to go?
please check and confirm my last question.
Will you play Superman after this song is over?
Could you find a train back home at around 7 pm?
how is the day today
play only My list
Change the lights in my home to green.
How do I get to the grocery store?
start podcast
What is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
Please post this picture to my facebook.
that is all, just stop it.
Set an alarm for me for <insert time>
Is it raining later today?
Set the mood, please.
start the next episode
Has Amy sent me any new emails?
Set my alarm for 8 AM.
that's useful, i appreciate it.
Are there any veg restaurants in Phoenix?
Check my social networks
Show me new emails from my inbox.
this was not the correct response.
Show me recently added events
Does byron's supports takeaways?
Please delete all my calendar events
Who will be attending the meeting this Friday?
how high is the quality of this stone
thank you so much for doing that.
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
Make a tweet complaint to
Is there traffic?
Do you think I should see a movie or go out to dinner?
Olly, turn off shuffle.
Please tell me some international news.
did i have any new email
Can you play some Elvis for me?
could you please check and confirm the details.
Please be quiet
What is the definition of the word perpetual?
How old is...
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
Are there any events going on in Milan?
Remove books from list
Remove my office meeting event for next week
What do I have today?
donald trump
What is the song name
s1, will you clarify me further on your response please.
Is the weather calm today
this is not so clear to me.
Olly do I have an alarm set for tomorrow.
Olly, how much is one dollar in pounds?
How can I go to the place?
Make a playlist of music from artists on the Exodus CD
Can you please update me on my lists?
set a remainder at 3pm to pick jo
remove john's birthday from the calender
Is it hot and muggy or warm and humid in the bayou today?
Make a new list
select information you want
object search
What's the best Italian restaurant in Atlanta?
is the last order is ready
hey siri what is on the radio right now
The music volume should increase to 90
what are the new rock radio stations?
Can you turn on the vacuum?
how to make a burger
olly later tonight remind me about tomorrows meeting
Play my favorite song by London Grammar.
How to reach hallway?
What have I got going on between 3 and 4pm today?
let me see my alarms PDA.
awesome work, you did well, olly.
This song is my favourite
play me news radio channel
How many species of bees are there in the United States?
What is happening locally this weekend?
show my upcoming events
any one would be ok with me, olly.
Create new list for baby names
Play music from the playlist
flip the wemo on
i am sorry but i think this was not the right response.
make sure there is no events on my calendar
Look up contact info for the complaint line of Comcast.
Please list reminders coming up soon.
order takeout pizza from domino's for 7 p.m.
Define what'sÔÇï a goalkeeper
What year did this song come out?
What is the geographic info of a pop singer Rahman
remind me about the meeting
stop, that's not the correct answer.
Can I get delivery from here?
i am sorry but i think you had that incorrect.
Start podcast, MLB daily.
socket off
you did excellent job,, olly.
start 80s playlist from track one
s1, could you elaborate me further on this please.
Olly how long should I boil the egg
this is unimportant for me, olly.
open the site XYZnews.com
audio up
speak once more please.
find me an uber
Delete the shopping trip I have scheduled March 23rd
Switch off the smart socket
Filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
whats the news about in africa
Where will the event be held?
delete new year's eve from the calender
well done, thanks.
anything will be fine with me.
this isn't what i am searching for.
Remove the upcoming calendar event
Delete all events for the next five days
email my contact with the following message
Hey Google can you save next Monday night for my date with Carl.
Olly, can i get a cup of coffee?
Is the year 2018 a leap year?
Find me the top news of the day
the cosmos
What's the weather for my location this week
Show me what day the 31st is on.
olly will you please shut off.
this is of no importance, olly.
i was not clear about what you have said.
play fm 109
thats the date
is it male or female?
move to next episode
open times of India
amazing job, you've done well, olly.
What time is set for my wake-up alarm?
make it brighter
reply to last received email
Prepare a cup of coffee for me.
give me contact mail id
Whats going on around here
Give me the volume settings.
Read me new emails
Play Boneym
What does formidable mean?
Can you turn up the volume on iTunes?
That's a good song
What music do I usually listen to?
Switch off kitchen lights
yeah correct response.
What's happening tonight in Chicago?
thanks but i think you had it wrong.
Set reminder for meeting with John on Wednesday at 9 am
Erase calender events
Can the lights be turned up?
Terrorist activities
Resume my audio book from karl Pilkington
PDA name: can you play my favorite music
yeah perfectly.
Life
Play the podcast on The Double Down
turn up music please
Play me some hihop
What events are going on next week?
Save my opinion about the current song playing.
What is the current stock price for Hasbro?
IT MUST BE TASTE
i do not really mind for anything.
you are smart.
Turn it to frequency 99.7
oh it is nice one, olly.
Name a rom-com movie playing in and around New York theatres.
Olly, tell me about Hugh Lourie
Book me a train for the next available train.
Olly, what was Tom Cruise's last starring role?
please delete my morning alarm
How are you?
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of 23 March
Change the audio settings
Check and see if I've received any emails from Eddie Richards having to do with budgets.
please could you confirm the details.
Tune in to 89.7 FM
please clarify further on your response to me.
Give me directions to get from here to Crescent City Brewhouse in New Orleans
Do I have anything on my honey do list?
s2, could not get what you have said.
What day of the week does Christmas fall on this year?
what's the temperature today?
train ticket please
its make me good lucking guy inside very very horkersd wo
PDA what should I do today?
open radia
what is the currency conversion charges applicable.
Book taxi for now
could you try again please.
would you try again please.
Post this status to my social media account.
remove milk from my grocery list
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
tell me the last once again please.
PDA, Can you make dinner for me?
Who is Barack Obama?
What will the weather be like this week?
What is the chance of rain today
yeap correcly.
s1, could you please rephrase me further on that.
Is there any traffic?
thank you for doing that, olly.
Please delete the contacts that I havent spoken to in 3 of months
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
you've got the command exactly.
alexa should i wear sunscreen today?
Hey, tell me more about my meetings today
just how bad is traffic on my commute
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 8
Add remainder
hmm, not right response.
Set reminder notification for three o'clock
tell me jokes
How many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood?
Remove the fundraiser for dolphines in April.
Give me the latest on Donald Trump.
can you send meeting invitation to mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm
what is the minimum temperature of london
Please send the following email to Uncle John: Yes, I will be there.
erase the lawn care appointment next month
please could you clarify more on it.
olly please stop.
Is it true that Beyonce is having twins?
Do you know the weather?
What is the value of stock per share of Best Buy?
Turn off all alarms
Can you pull up the current news stories?
What artist is this?
It was a great day Olly.
Is Logan a good movie to watch?
song next
Hey Olly, order a pizza pie with extra cheese.
Can you tell me the top news stories about the White House
hmm, you gave me not right information.
can you check and confirm question.
what is the weather today?
yes answer was great.
Alarm settings
How is the weather in 57701?
Remove my scheduled calendar events if you could
show pending reminders
I want the Ryan Seacrest show on the radio in the kitchen.
We're out of paint, so take bathroom-painting off the list.
Play new pop music
what is coral made of?
How many people live in San Francisco?
Please play jazz music.
Order pizza for delivery.
that's wonderful.
Ok Google, can you speak louder
What's on the New York Time?
How many reminders are there for tommorrow
Book my train ticket to new york.
Please skip to the next song
podcast play
would you say that once more please.
Today's news CNN
The radio should play only on 99.9 FM.
you have done it right, olly.
Remove the SMS recipient which have initials S
you have done that right thanks.
Teach me about exposure settings that would be best for a cloudy day in Alaska.
Find the joke about the orange and the banana.
play superstar
yeah excellent response to the command.
this doesn't matter to me.
Change the media room lights from purple to green
Can you delete my shopping list.
PDA, play kiss fm for me.
Can you play 24K Magic by Bruno Mars?
How do I measure a liter of milk?
Turn to billybob show.
olly can you just stop.
check and confirm it please.
you have done that correctly thanks.
Go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection.
i am bored
Can you get me the route chicago before midnight
is ll cool j still rapping?
Joke please
display exchange rate of euro to Indian rupee
Go near vaccum cleaner
that is cool, appreciated.
Delete shopping list.
What is 5 divided by 1
I'm unhappy with (insert). Please help me
change the volume of the speakers
What type of weather can I expect today?
Where is DELL standing in stock market right now?
send an email to Frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week?
clear last action.
fantastic.
please play 13
Are there any latest news?
By adding to my playlist
Olly, will you mark that I am busy for an event tomorrow at 2 pm?
What is the answer to 4+4?
Please give me information on Michael Jackson
when is peter's birthday?
olly can you cancel it please.
PDA can you remind me to take the garbage out on Tuesday.
check new emails
Can you please tell me the time?
could you check and confirm detail please.
pleas replay to the mail of Allen
Do I have any emails from today?
Here's the truth about Meals on Wheels in someone's budget
Play some Christian music
nice to talk to you
Let's hear the news from CNN.
Switch wemo plug socket off
please train
s2, couldn't get that.
REPORT ANY NEW EMAILS
thank you very much for your answers.
PDA change the color of the light.
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at 7:00 a.m.
What is happening after 1 and before 3pm?
exchange rate of yan with dollar
confirm my alarm settings
Olly call me a cab to the trainstation
Tell me about yourself?
Tell me the email address for Aunt Ruth.
give me all my recent emails
Hey Olly, how is the weather in Long Island, New York?
I go with black sunglasses or not ?
define 'acceleration'
s1, please will you elaborate me more on what you have said.
Play some classic rock before I lose my mind.
how was tthe first president of us
thank you for your help, olly.
Olly, clear the list
please will you tell me that phrase one more again.
Read email and send to family member.
Play led Zeppelin houses of the holy
Can you please stop speaking
dammit, this isn't what i am looking for.
How many likes does my status from yesterday have?
play a retro song in my playlist.
How warm is it?
Make a list of all the Halloween events going around in New York
please explain what you've said further.
that does not matter for me, olly.
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's birthday?
Send a complaint to (insert here)
Are there any alarms
Find my shopping list and delete it
first week of march meetings
Which route has less traffic today?
Delete my dentist appointment.
Don't speak for a while
touch the mute button
whats the weeks forecast
Read the message again
Set reminder in one hour for a meeting.
Who many teaspoons are in a cup?
it's excellent.
events upcoming
Does John's pizza have takeaway
go to next podcast
Start radio
Calender henvich marriage
please tell me the time
Olly, show me where the nearest restaurant is
please turn on radio on 7 AM
Does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway?
friday forecast
define ambulance
Can you play AR Rahman music
Who is the first president in USA?
the joke of the day
Search for the latest news about Iphone
change lights to pink
Postpone my alarm by 15 mins.
i'd like you to check details please.
retry the last spoken.
thank you so much for answers.
Play Tennis for me
What is traffic like right now?
mail to
remind me to move <unk> so there is no weight gain
What did I tell Susan in my last email?
keep me posted on _____subject in the news
Olly, lets hear The United States of Anxiety podcast
By definition what does the word absolute mean?
i can't catch up with you.
Show me recipes
how free am I this week?
PDA tell me what's on my shopping list?
i like you to check and confirm what last said please.
How many phone numbers do I have for Brenden?
Please keep me up to date on <insert topic here>
What is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones?
can you retry the last one said please.
i have no idea, olly.
How any times does 50 go into 1 million?
Did I receive a message from Kevin?
How much of the earth is made up of water?
dictate email
olly, look up beyonce wikipedia
Where can I get Shawarma in this area ?
Clear the entire month of May
Please lower the speaker volume.
Please set recurring calendar event.
Turn off the upstairs bathroom light.
yes exactly.
Do you enjoy being a PDA?
Is there any chance of rains in Mysore to beat the heat
Tweet something for me.
What is happening in my area
Book a train ticket to Charleston, West Virginia 8 AM
play new albums
will you confirm the detail please.
Please advise what the current news is on Fox News?
will you speak it once again.
Where is johncena from
Please resume my audiobook.
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
repeat song
Book a train ticket from here to Charleston, West Virginia at 8 AM today
play random song from 80s playlist
don't care.
Check the events on calendar and delete the next event
Let's play a game of chess.
Olly, send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
Has any personal emails come in yet?
Can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex?
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG event in March
Tell me comics of charlie chaplin
Play music radio for me
create new contact
provide a joke?
thats not it please do it again.
Run the vacuum.
Olly, show me where I can find a hamburger
please could you clarify your answer further to me.
Olly, where is a good place to eat in Seattle?
What is included in the tour's list?
Define this object.
Did I get any email during the last hour?
What's the weather?
Play music by the Beatles.
Any news updates from BBC?
show local events near me
stop, you have me incorrectly.
Load up Ghost Recon Wildlands.
Tell me what is my to-do list for today.
Siri, skip two songs
i can't get your answer.
sorry but i think it's not the correct command.
Is the road in some particular area wide or narrow.
Can i make back home without a traffic jam.
could you delete all my appointments on calendar?
Make a note to pay the electricity bill and remind me on Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
How much money did Will Ferrel make for his last movie?
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
Tell me about Chuck Norris
what song is playing
Auto lock the house after two and half hours.
I need to know what is the date today.
will you confirm it.
will you try what i've said again please.
This is my favorite song.
Play this song
What is the current time in London?
olly shut off please.
What's new with the stock market.
read email from julia
Is it snowing in California?
s1, would you please elaborate me on it again.
I need a high volume
Send an email to Ray
yes that's correct.
set my coffee machine
you have done your understanding correcly.
Olly please check if i got any emails from mom
This weekend, what events are going on in Seattle?
I want to start a new list.
Please don't tell me it's going to rain on Sunday!
alexa refresh my list and tell me whats on it
can you do it again please.
find me info on
Is there a chili cookoff this weekend?
you are so helpful, thank you very much.
add Eva's birthday party at roller jam for 12:30 pm on may 7th
pls turn on my balcony lights
PDA, open new email to this coworker, at this email.
PDA, open hershey twitter
sorry but that was not the correct command.
Olly, I had chicken for lunch and it was delicious!
yes that's fantastic.
How much time to cook pasta?
Confirm a travel ticket to German.
I've got an important meeting this Sunday noon 2.00PM, don't forget to remind me
REPLAY THE REQURIED OF THE MUSICS
olly that's all.
what is the traffic today
Find me a recipe of spaghetti
show me more about the presidential election
Tell me the next showtime for the new Marvel movie
can I get a taxi to come to my house in an hour?
i was unclear about the last sentence.
send this message to the family group.
yeap you've done that right.
Turn the lights on party mode
write and send email to friend Cindy
What is the date Easter falls on?
cheering me up
Isn't it a lovely song? please save this for me.
play news in fm
If you had to kill someone to save 3 people would you do it and if so why?
PDA, change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow.
Go to Sirius and play the hip-hop channel
Book me a train ticket for Saturday.
add this email to my contacts
Should I wear sandals or shoes with socks?
What is the date and time?
What's happening today with _________?
Add an event at 123 mainstream way for wednesday morning
PDA: When this story updates, would you let me know please?
Notify me of breaking news on CNN.
I am super stressed because of work.
Notify me if I receive any mail on my email account
I want to post on LinkedIn.
let me know the time in india
check mail with <unk>
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
Save the opinion that I just posted to this song.
that's great one, i appreciate it, olly.
I need a description of (object)
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
How many alarms are currently on my phone
Where is a good wine bar near me?
What's the average elevation of the United States?
Recipe for crabmeat
Please tell me the name of this band
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at 7 today
How much yens is a dollar worth?
What is the subject of Mom's last email?
Turn room lights off now.
tweet with consumer service about problem I am facing with the product
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
Give me the time in Phoenix, AZ
Have I received any email since 5 pm?
Play dinner party music.
When is the best time to travel to Canada? What airport to use?
tweet complaint to customer care
What where the winning numbers of the powerball lottery yesterday?
show difference of kids in planets
Are there morning shows available?
Tell me about the stock for X.
please further rephrase me about what you have said.
add event in calendar and mention others
send mail to sil for cap
you messed up with.
where are the rockies located?
Play the song @
Next I want to listen 'I really like you'.
When is Christmas?
Can you play Prince and similar artists?
send email 'how are you dad?' to dad
free home delivery
When is the next train to B street?
let's do it again.
Order from Dominos
please mute the television for 1 hour
add a reminder of a conference for tomorrow in new york
nope, i didn't say that.
play david bowie playlist
Please show me weather on 27/03/2017
email notifications
set repeat event in calendar
Increase volume by two levels
Show me what alarm times I've set for the week.
you have done that right appreciated.
startet
iphone
Let me see cultural events for this weekend in Palermo neighborhood
tweet complint to samsung
Do I have anything scheduled for 1pm next Monday?
fantastic job, you did well.
How is the meta likely to shift with the next set of MTG
Current trends in tecnology.
i like you confirm details please.
How will be the weather at night
Run music from this playlist
sorry but that's not right answer.
exchange euro to dollar
I want to reply to this email.
Send an email to my boss saying I will be late.
What ingredient can be used instead of saffron
yes you have done that perfectly.
Read me the content of this list
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
Set a reminder for gymnastics every Wednesday at 3.
olly i want you stop.
any low priced delicacies.
could you say one more time please.
record the radio program
Please record what I have said about this song.
Please let me know about a meeting after  days
Is there any birthday on june
What day does my birthday fall on this year?
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
what's on the grocery list?
What's the weather this week?
Turn off lights in all bathrooms
What day is Halloween this year?
Send a tweet to Apple that their batteries drain too fast
Set and event for the 15th of every month to remind me to pay my internet bill.
Live365.com
I need the lights raised,  can you do that Olly?
Ok Google, set meeting for Mar 30, 2017 at 9 am
thanks for doing that.
what is the 16th president
continue playing My book of Vitamins
Remind me later.
go back one episode
thank you so much for answer.
consumer desk
PDA set to silent for 5 minutes
please modify the wrong command.
Am I free at 4:00pm?
Olly, tell me whats going on tomorrow
I want to hear purple haze
please would you check detail.
I am bored, how about some small-talk
can you help
it's cool, i appreciate it.
find a taxi for me
Check the the dish price and all.
Is there anything important happening on social media
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
What is the distance to the grand canyon.
please will you confirm command.
Every other Wednesday, remind me to go grocery shopping.
appreciated, that's amazing.
Remove next meeting today in my calendar.
Turn off the lamps.
Switch the light off in bedroom
can you replay please.
How about a nice game of chess?
Give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
Can you tell me how gravity works
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
Do I have anything scheduled today between 3 and 4pm?
get command perfectly.
Switch lights to dim red, we bout to get frisky in here.
check and confirm detail please.
Please let me know new emails from Michael
do i have any unread emails
book next NY train ticket
What is the forecast for Saturday?
s2, i am unclear about your answer.
What is the capital of Maryland?
ABHI JO SONG PLAY HO RAHA HAI USKE BAARE ME KYA KHYAAL HAI ?
Remind me of the meeting with my Teacher today by 5pm.
oops, i think you didn't get response right.
s2, i was not so clear about what you said.
i didn't catch that.
Olly, when does the closest bar close?
Can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
music two
Please explain the plot of movie titanic
More lights please
elaborate me further on your answer please.
Turn off the light in the kitchen
appreciate help.
Who is the singer of this song right now
Add Jane's birthday party for tomorrow, 2pm at 123 Main St on my calendar.
Olly, what do you know about Eminem?
i want to meet with sara tomorrow alexa
Please go to next date
what did you mean by that.
Is my schedule for July 7th completely open?
Please add dinner with Mary to my calendar on Saturday.
What exchange rate does the US dollar and the Euro have?
crate event 'swimming day' on thursday and set it to repeat
open a new list for me
What is happening in Milwaukee today
What reminders do I have pending?
Increase volume to 50%
Will I need a jacket today?
PDA: Is today the 4th or the 5th?
Hello PDA,Can you read the information for this date?
What list did I make today?
Alexa, book me a train ticket for this afternoon to Chicago.
I would love to talk about music
decrease the volume to 10
Olly, create an even in my calendar.
markets near by
What events are upcoming today
Play the next episode of this series.
Delete all events and information.
Define and describe an ultraviolet ray
Define Courtesy
please let's try it one more time again.
Tell me the current time in Central time.
Olly, find new email.
i am sorry but i think you are wrong.
again elaborate.
It is Ok to go out on sunny weather?
Can you check if I got an email from John?
Please open grocery list and add bananas to list.
report complaint to samsung by tweet
play the next one
How is rice prepared ?
what is the weather near me this week
turn off the alarm
Find me all mails from Magda with holidays word in the title
Tweet my complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
How long is this song
What emails did I get yesterday?
Where is Niagra Falls located?
list entry
When does the moon set in the Westt?
Put a reminder in my calendar about meeting with client at 10 am on Tuesday.
do i need to spare washing my car today?
What is the time in Austrailia right now?
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
Talk with me only in riddles.
check my agenda for today
set an alarm for 2 hours from now please
More ligth please
Add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at 7am
Let me know if I get a new email today.
PDA, delete my Dr. K appointment in March.
Create an email to Toby at Tobytoday dot com
Check the traffic to our home
nope, i didn't say this.
tweet: your waiting time sucks. tag KOC
it's useful, thanks.
please confirm what i just said.
Tell me what's going on snap chat
Read me the last tweet from the washington post
Take eggs of the list.
Play a country station.
Search the item
stop and try what i've just said once more.
thanks but i think you have messed up with the command.
healthy foods
Is there a way to clear my calendar?
does not matter with me, olly.
Is the 22nd a Tuesday?
I need a break, start it after 5 minutes
Is it sunny in Springfield?
Switch the lights to blue
add birthday to every year
wouldn't mind to select any one.
what are today's highlights from <unk>
whats the weather like tomorrow.
Make my collection mostly 60s pop with a good bit of 60s psychedelia.
Tell me about the latest media trends
Notify me the day before the horse race at Santa Anita on March 7th.
PDA what is my next event.
how is the stock going in general
would you explain further on it to me please.
PDA, tell me whats on the web.
i did not catch that.
Switch up the color of the lights in the house.
It's really loud, can you please turn the music down?
please say one more again.
Are there any accidents on my way to work?
Play solitaire with me
at what time does the next redsox game start
Tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today.
check and confirm the details please.
Nighttime mode
Report weather for Largo.
I want to get hourly notification on financial news
start a list
yes you've got command right.
Do I have any pending reminders?
Set up a date for just you and me!
Remind me of this meeting soon.
What song is playing now.
Tell me when my next doctors appointment is?
When is the next Lakers game?
Who is singing this?
please rephrase again to me.
who the the song playing by?
Can you set my alarm?
i think you messed up with my command.
kishore17051985@gmail.com
What is your best joke
that's wonderful, musch appreciated.
Is there a parade on Friday?
check inbox for mail from X
Divide two hundred by four.
Is it going to freeze overnight?
Try following these steps to select the correct answer
could you please shut down.
light is too much.
Remember to remind me about client meet at 4 pm.
repeat what you've said.
All emails received between 10pm and 9am is to be replied to.
Tell me how to cook pasta.
What is the weather in Los Angeles
Please increase the volume to maximum
What's happening at the library this month?
Switch off the plug socket
Complain to...
please would you confirm detail.
Who's emailed me recently?
jane doe emails
i need a reminder for Friday's meeting.
Play the song sung by Katy Perry.
it's wonderful.
take item off list
Play me Harry Potter from the place I last stopped listening on.
Stop!
reply to email
Place a take out order at Olive Garden.
i am sorry but that was not right.
you did your understanding right.
reserve the closest uber
Trending, tech news
Tell me joke.
yes that is confirmed.
Please send the email to abc@gmail.com instaed of xyz@gmail.com
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND JPY
Tell me important news today
musch appreciated, it's good work.
olly shut up.
Play last song i downloaded
I would like to know her history
What's going to be the cure for cancer?
I need a birthday reminder for tomorrow, add one
Could you change the lights colour to green, please
Who covered the song One more cup of coffee?
please explain further on this.
tell me when the event is happening
Where is my meeting today located?
What's the weather forecast this week?
PDA, open memos
who was john dillinger
Olly, send an email to James asking when he is getting off of work.
Show me rediff masala
its not good
play soft instrumental songs
thanks but i think that's not the right command.
Olly can you find a nice restaurant downtown?
i can't get that.
Post this video to Facebook.
How old is Clint Eastwood
What is the best chili there is?
Give me my Facebook update every 3 hours.
turn my bedroom lights off
Save this post about the song that I just listened too.
Please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
add 'shape of you' to the current queue
check email about my job.
Meeting with Joanne in 10 minutes in the conference room
Play Sleepyhead by Passion Pit.
it's not what i meant.
turn my audio higher
would you stop it.
Do I require sweaters tonight?
Tell me today's weather report of city A.
play next reason podcast
What is the time in Canada now ?
Open Bad Religion folder
Olly, what are some theme parks nearby?
PLease shut off
stop it.
Inform me on the items on the list
Could you create a new event with these people only
How are you today? Doing well thank you
Does this restaurant have takeaway?
Enter new address in email form.
sorry but it is not correct.
Anything interesting in the news today?
Play Human nature of Michael Jackson
hows the time in key largo?
Update me with the election results
I need to buy a train ticket.
Show me how to use this new Canon camera that I bought.
I have a meeting with Al on March 21st at ten
Make Happy Birthday the next song.
s2, i could not catch up with you.
What is happening in the election
Movies with good rivews
Can you book an Uber after I left for office?
your answers was not so clear.
what is infinity?
set up a notification about tomorrow's meeting at 10
i like you to check and confirm detail please.
What is 1+1?
Clear my claender
Please check email from my boss
Is the weather cloudy tonight ?
Do you recommend an umbrellas?
What is the leading story at this time on Fox News?
why people like movies
How long do you cook an egg over easy?
Tell me if i have any unread new emails
what temperature is it?
Play the urban radio station
yeap agree.
Play Marvin Gaye I Want You
What's going around in the world these days?
Set the event to recur every week
Erase all content in my calendar.
wake me up
What is the chance of precipitation in todays weather?
Hi, I want to order fried chick with white sauce
well done, musch appreciated, olly.
How many meetings do i have today from 9 to 5pm?
Book me a flight to Mars next year
Please delete the meeting I have with John tonight.
delete all events
Tell me current events between yesterday and this morning.
At what time is the italian cafe closed between lunch and dinner?
i think you made mistake.
I want you to delete my shopping list from last month
i think you don't instruction command correctly.
Create an email for my co worker with my recently saved documents.
tell me the time of train X
Show me reviews of my nearest location food court
Weather forecast please.
Schedule a meeting with Ri on April 1st at 10AM
that is not what i am looking for.
who's that song by?
will you retry what said.
What is the weather now?
Play GTA vice city game.
Go back to the last episode in this podcast.
Play Nakumukka
Olly that last email needs to be answer asap.
can you tell me your favorite color?
Please play any Joy Division album.
Could you please lower your volume?
Remove everything from the calendar
Have the 'vacuum cleaner' clean the room
Tell me time of alarm you set
Change the lights in the living room to green and red.
Olly, want to play a game of trivia?
yeap excellent response.
Alert me if any topic relating to politics comes up
What is this we're listening to?
please let us start over.
Send a copy of the bills to Mecky by email.
Olly, does Shibaru Sushi deliver?
please can you check my last question.
teaa shop
What's the weather in Chicago Illinois?
Can you mute my speaker.
What events are scheduled for me to do today
Dim the lights please.
Is it still going to be rainy and cold on Wednesday?
Today weather
i would like to hear the last information you just said again.
Remind me of the following event:
I have a birthday on monday, set the event.
I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FAMILY DO YOU HELP ME?
i appreciate the helps.
how big is the cosmos?
hi to all
What's the next event at the library?
you did good job, thanks.
Get me the latest sports updates and news of the world
shall I get an umbrella tomorrow?
solve the calculation.
Can you create new list for me?
Remind me about the March 16 meeting.
Can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed?
Report the current time in oakland.
What awards did Erica Grebe win last night?
olly can you shut off please.
give description of statue of liberty
Could you please give me a summary of the latest news headlines
Olly, what is a good lave to eat near me?
Check my spam email for phishing.
remove my 8 pm alarm and set it to 7 pm
Don't forget about meeting Reveca todat at 6:00pm
Mark all remaining calendar events for today as cleared
Check unread emails.
Does Spain share its border with Morrocco?
please check weather on tuesday
Tweet Freedom Pop customer service I am disatisfied.
Find turkey meatball recipe.
Read out my shopping list for today.
will you please again elaborate.
Can you please put the vacuum on?
hurrily activates my robot vacuum cleaner.
Turn the volume down.
show me what the ingredients are
Please tell me the main points of my 2:00 meeting from this afternoon.
yeap fantastic response to the command.
what's the traffic on the 101
Angelina Jolie spouses
perfect job, you have done well.
Open Audiobook
that was amazing, thank you so much, olly.
Has Tom emailed me about ammunition?
great work, you did well, olly.
Tell me the current time in San Paulo Brazil?
Next Episode
Open minestart game from previos played level
Will you please turn off the smart plug
Do the Knicks have a game at home tonight?
check it please.
can you tell me what said once more.
22nd April day
Start radio station for me
Use Schadenfraude in a sentence.
Is there any event around?
get news from reddit
WHAT TIME IS MY APPOINTMENT ON APRIL 4TH?
Follow news about Hilary email issue in future.
What's the temperature?
Tell me the traffic condition from here to home.
Clear list, things to do this weekend.
Start playing music from favourites
Cancel meeting at three
play purple haze
Which are well reviewed movies by Emma Watson
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and France?
Please reply to my most recent email.
Remind me everyday at 5am.
i would like to hear the last thing spoken again.
Hey Google, what is on my alarm schedule?
update latest news
what causes osteoperosis
olly what's some upcoming events i might want to go to?
Check the notes app and give me details of all the lists.
clear all events in calender
I need to send an email to
i think it's not the correct command.
If it could make phone calls for you and say whatever it is you may text someone since not everyone is text savy
PDA, delete list item
divide 76 in two parts
Current status of take out order
are there any new emails from NAME
Set alarm on 10th November for 9o clock
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
When am I busy this month?
Let me know the time of the train to New York
stop, i think you have messed up with my command.
Can you remind me to order the Turkey three weeks before Thanksgiving?
PDA I need you to respond to Jennifer's email by stating we will be late.
I'd like to send an email to the new receptionist's email.
Siri, how much is a train ticket
i want a train ticket.
where was you
Is it a yes or a no that tomorrows temperature will be hot.
call to the customer care
continue to next podcast.
play my playlist
I really enjoy this song
can you reset please.
When it's 10 pm here what time is it in Brisbane?
you did great job, musch appreciated.
What is the recipe for ...
Ok Google, tweet McDonald's down Reseda has terrible service.
will you please check the detail.
what is the traffic like
Remove the list called Party Time
Play the Miami heat and warriors game
ah that was great work.
Please remind me of my teachers meeting on Thursday at 3:00pm.
How many pesos can I get for a dollar right now?
Could you tell me about the alerts I have set?
comfortably adjust sound
do you have a boyfriend?
Who is the artist of the current playing song?
how much btaxes
Request a driver for Uber in 5 minutes
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
Can you tell me what's on my list
what day is it
Silence for two hours
i like you stop.
PDA is Mr Pizza on skip the dishes?
Am I going to get wet if I go outside this morning?
Change the light color to black light
olly i need that appointment posted to the calendar
Please define the word bleak.
PDA name: how much long until xxxx arives at xxxxx station
song info
Please schedule an appointment at my doctor for a prostate exam on Friday.
your answers was not clear to me.
Do I need a coat outside right now?
I wanna laugh,Can you make it happen?
Who is Obama?
Please remove the next event on my calender
What does it look like?
Add a new notifier for the GPS On my car.
Set notification for news on the stock market
Add milk to grocery list
What color is a basketball?
check for the quality of the colors
Please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
Remind me of my 3pm meetng tomorrow 4 hours in advance.
How old is christie brinkley?
Send this song to my favorites
What home alarms have been set?
What is Charles's email?
define a phrase blue sky research
Complain to Amazon customer service for me
tell chris i will be late through email
would you please check instruction.
why people like to criticize others while seldom self-criticize?
How is the traffic near me?
Are the podcasts from X Available yet?
what is left for today
What time is it in <insert city>
i appreciate it, it was awesome.
Tell me popular phrases in Spanish.
Free up my schedule for the next week
Please play me something from the Foo Fighters
Is this the correct area code for my boss?
Hey Olly, order a side of hot wings with my previous order.
Bing news
currency exchange
On my sisters birthday send her flowers.
Tell me what the date is today.
you've done it correctly thank you.
What time are my alarms?
s2, what you said is not so clear to me.
What is the current temperature and humidity outside
Resume the girl on the train on Audible
incorrect.
s1, rephrase further on what you've just said to me please.
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
I need a taxi to go home
oh no, you did not get me.
What time does the meeting start?
whats the time in london
I need to book a taxi.
Is the celebrity single or married.
tell me about trump!
meaning
go to contacts and add a new email to the list
dammit, i think you have done wrongly.
anything is okay for me.
please can you further explain me about your words.
Light Green
Please run <insert vacuum name>
dammit, i didn't ask for that.
I WANT TO RAISE THE LIGHT.
please activate my vacuum cleaner.
sunset temperature today
Just let me know the population of India
it is nice job, thanks.
find apple on list and remove
confirm what i just said.
Please give me notice when I need to leave for the conference
Weather in Dhaka
Turn on the robot vacuum.
What is Leonardo DiCaprio's networth?
you are leading me into wrong.
Resume play of American Gods.
Will it snow tomorrow?
thanks but this is not right command.
A step by step guide for how to save music,
Olly book me a ticket to Paris on eurostar this weekend
could you repeat that please.
Where jackie chan currently live
I want a train ticket to Oregon.
what alarms did I set
WHAT ALARMS ARE SET IN THE HOUSE?
Can you suggest me a healthy foods for dinner
whats playing?
Complain to the DMV office about the excessively long line.
Calculate distance from Boston to New York
What is the scorecard of the India versus Australia Hockey game?
Hey Olly what time is it in London now
When do I need to pay the bills?
that was good one, appreciated.
Notify me when there's news on the Dakota pipeline
Will it be nice at the beach on friday?
tell me one more again please.
dammit, this isn't what i just said.
Turn the wemo off.
Tell me about Barack Obama.
current date time
Can you tell me what solution can we do to solve the climate change?
search on his informations
Whats new in London
contact detail of X
What's the weather in Toronto today
traffic report
Play audiobook
i want you to confirm the last thing said please.
Can you email Mary and let her know I am on my way?
What movie should I watch today
what to i have a my to do list
In the Choose how you would like to be notified section, check the Email box for each type of notification youÔÇÖd like to receive.
Please turn off my smart plug socket.
you are so smart.
Enter event for Mondays only
rock with rock star.
HEY, SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND
How did XXX become famous?
contacts
What's the weather like in Toronto?
list phone and email id of Robert, Olly
please can you elaborate me on what you've just said further.
once again explain it to me.
thanks but that's not the correct response.
olly switch to red colored lights
Tell me when Martin Luther King Jr was born
Please tell me how to make a screwdriver.
What's on my schedule this week?
What are the trending articles on the New York times.
Time in New York now
I would like to talk about it.
Give me the description of smartphone software
Is there anything new in my mailbox?
How to eat healthy
angry bird play
Set alarm for 1 hour from now.
Mark next Tuesday in my calendar as Steve's birthday.
Play The Circle
news for today?
that's good one, thank you.
begin playing the audiobook 'Beauty and the Beast'
speak the last one one more again please.
what's the weather like on friday?
I like this song that is playing
one more time again.
please play back some important points summary.
what is the exchange rate with  1 US dollar.
mountain x height
My alarms
Tell me about my alarms
Continue to next song please.
Olly, how do you define 'lamp'?
Jump to 8:20
Play the next part in this series
Tell me the quickest route to Joe's place
Please show all events of tomorrow.
When is this going to happen
PLEASE MAKE A TWEET  TO DELL COMPANY  ABOUT THE FAULTY SERVICE OF  LAPTOP.
olly select a different color for the lights
Did you set the phone on flight mode?
Alexa, play 90's hip hop.
Do you think today will be nice out?
save this email in my  contact for future use.
hmm, i didn't say this.
Are there train tickets available between Seattle and New York City
view all unread emails from Stacy Cadwell
turn the news on
that's not what i just requested.
I want to turn on the blue lights.
music, Third Day
delete the dentist appointment next week
Read the ticket for Tesla
tell me something funny
Meet with Joe tomorrow at 3
Please play next episode of...
yes fantastic response to the command.
Is Jimmie's party on Friday cancelled?
Please play me my latin music playlist.
Turn on my first scheduled alarm
change color of the light to red outside the house
clean my calender
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
What's new today?
Id liek to know if there are any accidents on the route that I am taking.
initiate classical music.
PDA: Turn the radio to 106.7 FM
latest events
Could you play poker with me
I have to attend a baking contest on Wednesday morning at 7. Save and set reminder.
What are the results of the election?
buy me today train ticket to city A.
What time does the train arrive in Sacremento?
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
is weather cloudy
Order 1 coffee from nearest coffee shop
What happened last week?
Collect all ingredient needed for cooking with exact measurments and neccessary equpiments
do i have a game on april 7
Compose a tweet for Youtube.
Hey, I feel good
Shuffle Play my Slow Songs Play List from Spotify
order a pizza for me
Compose a new email, but I got a new address this time, brandon at example dot com
Can  i go out in shorts
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
what month is today
What's the traffic situation from Kamycka to Dejvicka?
Does this restaurant only do carryout?
disable the alarm which is set at 9:30pm
title?
that is not right answer.
turn on 89x
what is home town weather?
6 am alarm please
Give me the local time of London
Please use shuffle
find local events
Send an email to jeff at gmail dot com
Turn on vacuum cleaning
will there be ash in the sky in LA today
Bring the lights down a bit
Check and tell me the address of My friend Alex
Schedule a meeting with Reeta today evening at 5 PM
How do I buy tickets for that?
What are my lists so far?
will it be hot?
about  todays headline news
Get me some food!
How many notifications do I have on Facebook?
I want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel.
what we got in that meeting which held yesterday.
marriage day
No body knows
Get apahelp@yahoo.com in my contacts.
I need a good cry, can you play me sad rock songs?
What was last sent to me in my social media feed?
Add 'meet with Dave' at Subway on Weber on 4 April at 5pm.
Whats going on in my calendar
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
olly would you just stop it please.
Is there any breaking news from CNN?
Post a message to Facebook
Radio play 989 please
Let's play some pong
Outside Traffic  status please
Select Recipe
book a train ticket from Orlando to Chicago
clear future event
Please play Jocko's podcast
Send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
Olly play Criminal podcast.
Book and pay for a train ticket to Denver for Saturday.
Start playing music.
can you define a baster
get it with fry
Is the restaurant having delivery facility ?
that's good one, thank you, olly.
really would not mind, olly.
Who is the artist of the song playing now?
tell me what you've just said once more please.
will you check last thing said please.
Play for me music by Michael Jackson
Can you book a train ticket for my father?
please check email from mom
Play song by Daddy Yankee
include meeting in the list
News around the city
What's the pound to dollar exchange rate?
I have a meeting tomorrow at 5pm with the development team, don't forget to remind me an hour earlier.
explain
Dollar rate of Philippiness peso
Show me the list of alarms
add new email to my contacts. XXXXX@gmail.com
Hey Siri, play me an automated playlist based on songs heard in Gaana app this week.
Olly, go back to the podcast before
by proper formula
can you explain me further on what you've said please.
How tall is Roraima Mount?
Increase the volume.
shit, i think you did a task all wrong.
Where is denmark?
on vacuum cleaner
turn on socket
Pull up news from the Wallstreet Journal.
What's on my calendar this month?
i am unclear about your response.
get me top headlines
Are you content with being inside a PDA?
Write on twitter that customer service in this location is horrible
please can you explain further on your words.
PDA, please compose a new email to coworker.
could you clarify me more on what you have said please.
What are my notifications
Please delete list titled KICKBALL.
Should I bring a coat?
Olly, delete list for groceries
i was not so clear about what you've said.
give the shortest route to the airport
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
Ask Amazon.com customer service when I can expect my refund using twitter
you've done that right, olly.
Is it raining in Toledo right now?
tell me the temp in pheonix PDA.
What is the longest time to a location
It's Lee's birthday on 22 June.
What are the train times today?
Today's forecast.
are there still tickets to the kiss concert?
PDA name: post this on my facebook
How tall is Lebron James?
please provide geographic information about X
Play Super Mario Brothers game with me.
turn off the sounds
What am I listening to?
Tell me the music that is playing.
Where was Seth Rogen born?
I would like to hear the song Aces High
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight?
do i need to wear some warm clothes today.
i want you to confirm that please.
Add a reminder on Thursdays at 11:30 am and name it dance classes
Play hip hop music please.
what new movies are played in cinemas this week?
snooze
play my favorite song after
please bring up my itunes
that was helpful, i appreciate it.
Reply to the email received from Jennifer
PDA, Can you send the email to the new email id?
yes that is perfect.
no, it is not what i was looking for.
Let's do math
oh that's fantastic job, olly.
wouldn't mind.
Please play rap music.
What is my current time
i was unclear about your answers.
it is unimportant with me, olly.
Turn of the lamp socket
Do you think it's going to rain tommorow?
would you check that.
PDA, train time from brooklyn to queens.
Where was the last Aerosmith concert?
Describe what a crop circle is.
exchange USD/EUR
Siri, cancel all soccer practice alarms
PDA, Play the station 102.4 the buzz
sorry but that's not the right response.
Do you know about this lyrics?
Show me a forecast
For a new event or meeting request, choose Repeat on the toolbar.
Let's play a game together
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with.
How many alarms have I set?
Hey olly what is the last time I got an email
Please check email contain job listing
Book train to LA
remember to put carrots in there.
what's the the weather in Chicago?
PDA I need to know if Mr Pizza delivers.
Send and email to mom to tell her Wyatt's birthday party is on Sunday
will you tell me again.
no, that was not what i said.
I wish i could play video games together!
i couldn't understand what you said.
what is the current time in chennai
What lists are currently available right now?
The volume of the music playing now should be raised
no, that's not it.
What do I need to complete first from the list Olly?
state the list i have
Will there be fog after sunset
Can you make the lights go out?
What is the current news today?
Can you open beatles
Play the newest album by Jay Z.
yes right response to the command.
Did I receive any new email from Robert?
Please check email from matrimony
Open Pandora, play Rock Station
Is Mary Smith in my contacts list?
olly shut off.
What country uses the most coal?
alexa give me everything you know about bob dean
don't really mind for whatever, olly.
Let's hear some country and western not from the US.
What is today's weather in Springfield?
Switch on the plug.
Tell me the name of this song.
Is there anything new in my gmail?
it's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
give details of rock sand
Can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at x time?
Olly, how do you subtract numbers
do it again please.
My favourite music band is Queen
perfect job, you did well.
find details about usa
s2, this was not so clear.
Do I have any events going on this weekend?
reply to last email, say 'sorry cannot make it'
tell me that once again.
you did answer exactly.
Can you find me a train ticket to Southampton on Memorial Day weekend?
Can you give me a flash briefing?
what is the email from tony about?
What is the time difference between California and Michegan?
I don't like this song
Who is currently leading in the parliamentary election?
Please tune in to 97.5 FM
Tell me my lists.
PDA, Can you notify the event in my calendar?
What day of the week is the 26th?
dammit, you gave me incorrect information.
Direct me towards nearest railway station.
How many square miles is the average country on Earth?
yeap excellent.
I really enjoy rock and roll.
Set the average of the device
Book ticket to depart in the morning.
I would like a wake up alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow.
Increase the volume please
it isn't what i am searching for.
you rock, thank you so much.
Olly can I use brown sugar instead of white in peanut butter cookies?
Pull up today's news from CNN.
please fix the incorrect command.
yeah get that correcly.
Increase the volume to seventy percent.
PDA, What happened on July 4th 1776?
can you please check what last said.
Schedule a meeting with the vice president on Monday.
Remind me if I miss my evening walk routine
erase all the events in the calender
Play Got That by Medasin
add 'john@gmail.com' to contacts
May I know what is there on the list
Tell my family this in an email,
open jokes
Is this week a payday week?
could not get what you've said.
Play the radio please
Do i have a date for tonight ?
i'd like you check and confirm my last command please.
Tell me about Donald Trumps early life
RadioShows.mobi.
check the last thing i said please.
Bring up a complaint form.
can i go without coat now
Show me the alarms that are set.
What are the Florida radio stations?
Enable shuffle
it's not the correct response.
can you get me news from NY Times?
What is the best oven temperature to roast potatoes?
What is the exchange rate for USD to NZD
it does not really matter.
pls play some songs for kids
Should i wear a jacket to work?
What is the weather like today?
Find ... podcast and play it.
Olly, find me an audio book version of Ready Player One and play it for me
Play all the latest pop songs
Can I get a train ticket to Chicago for next Saturday around noon?
Play my sadness playlist.
How many times do I eat out every month?
would you say once more please.
clear all events in calender for March
Tell me when there is new news from my local news
please can you stop.
announce a meeting today at evening.
What is it like outside?
that is useful, thanks.
your command was incorrect.
Get me some latte please.
can you set the alarm for 1:30
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
What is the correct time?
find route
show me the 7-day forcast for home please
begin again book xy
make alarm reminder for calendar
i wouldn't mind for any one.
Olly set 21st april every year as dad's birthday
What time is my doctor appointment this week?
I want you to play the podcast
that was not what i was looking for.
Nice lyrics.
i don't care, olly.
What are the main news stories on the LA Times now
get it correcly.
What are the best Italian restaurants in Los Angeles?
charges of delivery
confirm the command.
TODAY IS 5TH MARCH, IS IT OR NOT?
tell comment
Recommend a movie for me.
Please find out the share price of Microsoft in Nasdaq
Olly set the Alarm
go to the podcast and play the next episode in ____
Is it too hot for pants
Keep track of the Standing Rock protest.
move 'buying eggs' item to trash from to do list
Which grocery stores have I mad a list with?
remember me my child's birthday
thank you very much for the answer.
What are trending topics on Twitter right now?
please will you tell me it one more again.
i appreciate response, olly.
Turn off the lights in the living room, please.
reply to the latest email
Plesae let me know the current time at New Delhi
could you clarify me on your response once again.
Set the volume to low.
enable my plug
What was the last thing my mom said?
Please put this photo on my Instagram.
can you clarify more on that.
can you tell me whats on my shopping list?
show me reviews of Donald Trump
Is there any events planned for the next 3 months?
yes perfect response to the command.
Did I add milk to the shopping list?
this is of no importance with me.
yeap fantastic response.
when is the next train to Philadelphia?
Who is doing FaceBook live right now?
Can you define a chair
Do I have any time free on Tuesday for a 2 hour meeting with Ken?
Add coffee to the grocery list
Super song!
How many Oscars does Morgan Freeman have?
send the data by secured mail by today to gerry
i would like you to check and confirm the details please.
Please turn off the light of the bathroom
you've done your understanding correcly.
yeah good response.
Alexa, I want to know the best super market in this local area
that isn't what i am looking for.
reply my address to john
Set reminder to pick up kids on weekdays at 3pm
How hot is it outside today?
Where can I shop around here?
Book a train ticket from Los Angeles to Chicago that goes via Miami
List items on my work list
How many cups are in a gallon?
you've gotten answer correcly.
Play This American Life on the kitchen radio
Jokes
this must be some mistakes.
Do I have any reminders that are waiting in my queue?
Fashion
Play Hoizer radio station from my Pandora app.
Just set me reminders about pending payment of childreen school fees
How many Inches are in a foot
Put on the God of small things
I mostly pay attention
Notification regarding the new government policies
Turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
Please, cancel all my events for today
PDA please check on our exchange rates compared to others
Olly, do you know what a joke is?
Make a note that I don't like this song.
How do I find the hanging tree?
olly, clean the flat
will you check my last command please.
Define organism
turn down the speakers
well done, thank you very much, olly.
What is the name of the artist that created this song?
Where was Hugh Jackson born?
Get the next episode.
begin music player in playlist
Alexa, remove dinner with Mike from my calendar.
Let me know when my meetings are on Monday.
play melody music in the morning time
Tell me about the federal budget
would you shut off please.
Could you speak a little more softly?
i am sorry but you messed up with command.
Play the most popular song by given artist.
Do I need to take a hat me me ?
put alarm on
perfect response to command.
oops, you don't get response correctly.
activate music
Mute all responses now
I need to write an email to a new address, brandon at example dot com
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM STATION WHICH PLAYS POPSONGS.
that was useful, i appreciate it.
What does a soccer ball look like?
What does flabbergasted mean?
kindly break down your statement and make it simple.
Make the living room light orange.
Lower speaker volume
Please give me the name of all my lists
Remind me that I like that song.
lights at percent
how to calculate trigonametry
that is wonderful, appreciated.
What is today's forecast for Berlin?
Do I have any appointments this weekend?
family date this monday
Please empty my calendar.
cancel event
What do you want to do today? Play outside
Switch off Wemo.
Can you please check my gmail for new messages?
what do i have to do today
What time does the next train leave to Paris?
Is Alaska a Republican or Democratic state?
family bonding before meeting
exactly.
Tweet to McDonalds saying that I found a hair in their burger.
create new list
PDA are sunglasses a good choice for today
Are there any unread messages in my inbox?
yeah amazing response.
i do not know, olly.
that was helpful, musch appreciated.
can you please define it for me
new event
Olly, are there are new email from Mary?
Can you tell me what haggis looks like?
Has Sarah posted anything today?
hi google do i receive ny new emails
will you tell me it once more.
color the lights red
add email to existing contact
do I need a hat today
What stations are playing good music this morning?
amazing response.
Look up for my email updates.
this was not what i wanted.
PDA, start list.
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
Is it 5 O' clock already?
Who sent me emails this week?
Mark reminder with these people
Tell me the latest news from BBC sports
Remind me about my business meeting at 3:45pm
please speak again.
where is steven spielberg living?
Where can I park?
well done, musch appreciated.
Speak louder
What is the GDP of USA?
When it is 9:00 in the East, what time is it in the West?
i wouldn't really mind for whatever, olly.
Please play Hallowed be thy name
Do you have the train times for Beaumont, Tx ?
REMIND THE REQURIED EVENTS TO BE RESET
When was Dolly Parton born?
tuesday meeting noon
Play my R&B playlist
what makes that country the coldest
Tell me about what latest inventions are our scientists doing these days?
I want some coffee
What is the time difference between California and New York?
person xy birthday
Delete Mike Stein from Contacts list
Send an email to my family asking how they're doing
thanks for the response.
I need to know current weather in New York city
Play from my play list
Tral Encounter: 2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In South Kashmir, 1 Policeman Dies
I want you to tweet for me to Hathway Customer service as I have got a very huge bill amount.
would not mind for any one, olly.
that must be some mistakes.
How to go to multi specialty hospital?
Please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle.
Change the color of my lights to something random.
Is there a new email in the inbox from jay ?
Hey hey
what are you trying to say.
Show me the answer for this problem 246 + 654
after this song put on metallica
Create a new folder
Click Save.
Delete item 4
Can they provide takeaway?
Olly where is a nearby park where I can go running?
My vacuum cleaner should start between 10 to 11am everyday
Please tweet on Dell service for delay services.
Can you tell me how much one dollar in the US is in Mexico?
Olly, give me a description of Iron Fist on netflix.
find nearest train station
I feel like having soup for lunch. Order from Wangs Kitchen restaurant, a chicken manchow soup.
could you please check and confirm it.
Tell me about Amazon's history
that was useful,, olly.
Open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
what are the events next week
Where is Tuesday's morning meeting?
it is unimportant.
Switch on Radio mango
Add Sarah as email contact
dialog box appears
Please mute the sound.
Create new calendar event
whatever, olly.
show latest email from Mark, Olly
I need to keep two toddlers busy - tell me what to do
need background information about person X
Hey PDA, sound is low can u tune it up?
couldn't understand this.
When does my train leave?
Add a reminder to April fourth to go to the dentist.
s2, i was not clear about it.
thank you very much for your helps.
Do I have to bring umbrella for tonight party
Go fetch all the lists from the notes app.
uhh no, you've done task all in wrong manner.
Please add smurfette@gmail.com to my email contacts.
Which list has this on it?
clear all concert schedule
Check for emails from steve
Please start Joe Rogan podcast please.
Notify me about birthdays of all my facebook friends.
hmm, i did not ask for it.
Can you turn off my desk lamp?
Enter silence mode
What is the time in New york now.
it is useful, thank you, olly.
SO CLEAN news in past 6 hours is what?
Olly, tell me the pound for pound list for the top 10 in the UFC
Update me on my emails.
this is unimportant with me.
Find out if Eddie Richards has sent an email about the budget requests.
were the stocks rising or declining.
Describe (insert) for me please
add a new list
What's the price of GE right now?
Where can I find this song, PDA?
Access latest news
Hi Olly! How are you?
Headline news for Texas
Tell me the name of that song.
Should I wear galoshes today?
Will the fast food shop at the corner open today?
yeah that was confirmed.
I am in the mood for metal.
PDA I had a bad day.
it's helpful,.
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
I have a flight to take on the 15th
Olly if any new news comes out about the flood can you let me know right away.
I wanna get up at 6 am
Could you please check the traffic to our home.
When is the last train from Phoenix?
Events in my area
Please add this item to the list
Olly, where is the largest volcano in the world?
yeap you have gotten your understanding right.
give me directions to the target on i-40
I need to get to 'location'. Call a cab.
send email to joejoe@gmail.com
Order a pizza from Pizza Express
jj_nzt@yahoo.com
Please delete this list for me
you have got it exactly.
Show me my husbands Facebook posts today.
Please turn the lights down.
uh no, it is not what i just requested.
Where was Steve Jobs born?
Where is San Francisco?
It's time for junk food!
confirm the last thing i said please.
Do I have any appointments?
off the speakers.
dammit, i think incorrect.
i want to hear the songs of Adele
Can you please delete all evnts from my calender
How long will it take to get home?
What is Motorola going for today?
i have a meeting with Sean at 4PM on Wednesday, can you remind me?
What's happening in the news?
take bread out from the shopping list
Show me my meeting for the next month
What's on the list?
Olly, what is the newest news right now?
Add an alarm for tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m.
will you shut up please.
yes.
yeah correct response to the command.
please will you just cancel.
thank you, olly.
Show me share price of Tata.
tell me the current meetings .
Call Yellow Cab
Show current events around me
any one will be fine with me, olly.
go to setting
I love anything by Elton John.
what is the distance from my current location to downtown Toronto?
What is the name of the best italian restuarant?
Please show me marathon nearby me
please would you shut up.
Alarm Status
Have Halifax shares gone up today?
Find a non-stop train to Seattle
Tell me what is in your list.
play (radio station) on (radio app)
Olly, how many rivers are there in Europe?
i need a ride home
what does lady gaga like to eat
What times do my alarms go off?
loudly
please check and confirm command.
Play NPR
Send a tweet about sonys volume issues
Is there anything new on Snapchat?
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
Play football match for myself now
Please add an e-mail for John Doe to my contacts, johndoe@yahoo.com
Please post Happy Birthday USA on Facebook.
you have done it right appreciated.
reply wishes to john by email
why did the calendar say that i have a 3pm meeting, check that out for me
Speak louder please
I want a coffee now.
Olly, make me some coffee from the coffee machiine
What's going on between 10a and 2 pm?
Play the song Major Tom by David Bowie
Vacuum the living room carpet
Dady mummy vettil illa
what's the latest news from Xinhua?
Set rememinder for My wedding anniversary on 10 July
How many kilometers are in a mile?
Send email to Anthony.
Olly, what's the sum of the two numbers 4 and 6
computer(item name) should be removed from the list
Where does Brad Pitt live?
Send email to family member and read it first.
Please list the available train trips to Location A.
dammit, not correct response.
calendar erase all
Please dim the overhead lights
where maradona lives now
Play a talk program about child care
party beach
could you retry please.
what you just said was not clear to me.
that is helpful, thanks.
What song is playing right now?
What's the stock price of (insert)
pls turn off  all the lights in my house
Can you play my music file?
Friendship
will you please once again explain.
I want to hear pop
nope, you gave me not correct information.
Clap on!
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub, and set it to be delivered at 5pm tonight
Day on 22nd April
What would be the exchange rate of currency in Japan
play music from a given artist
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
Book for me a train ticket to California
What is the quickest way to Grand Central?
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
i can't catch that.
Give me a days notice before my next meeting.
How's Microsoft's stock?
Let Wendy's know I hate them
that's useful, musch appreciated.
can you please put on music
do i have a lunch on firday
Am I going to need to wear a rain coat this week?
you are awesome, thank you so much.
Switch on the lights
list events around NY
What can I do for fun under $20 around me?
Hey share me some joke to make me happy
What's the easiest way to cook pasta?
What is the definition of timeliness?
Important house information
make me a cooled coffee
What schedule event do I have for this month.
List the shops near me
shut off please.
Send me all the info for the Houston Texans draft please.
what time is it in someplace when it's sometime in otherplace?
Go to WBMP-FM radio
show latest reports of bbc
Google find the new email address for Bill that I added Friday.
I had a great day today, What do you think Olly?
How to cook Lasagna?
Please activate my coffee pot for me
can you speak one more time again please.
Are there any interesting stuff happened today in my Twitter
snapchat
Show me Derek's contact information
John's birthday is March 5th, please note this.
What is the number of the closest taxi company?
How many bases has Nick Swisher stolen in his career?
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
anything, olly.
Report alarm settings.
which time train dep
i think you didn't understand me.
WHERE CAN I ORDER TAKEOUT?
PDA, turn on the radio to kiss fm.
Switch to my workout playlist
How many subscriber does Captain Disillusion have?
improve volume clarity
Play game with me
Play some boy band music.
please delete my calender events
I would like to know the meaning of word?
Turn off the light of my bed room please
instruct me to cook
send apologies to all the attendees of the upcomming Tavern lunch
Set an event
Will it rain in Toronto next Tuesday?
please again explain.
I want a recipe for a burrito.
PDA, Please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
Do I need to wear my slicker today?
Is the DOW up or down?
I need to book a train ticket to LA
What genre is this song in
Email family with details of the party
Show me current exchange rate between euros and other currencies
favorite foke
please would you rephrase me about your answers once again.
PDA, Book a taxi/Uber
what jacket should I wear
Tweet complaint to American Eagle customer service.
tune song of ddlj movie.
Describe Hell
i think not right response.
What alarms do I have set right now?
Check for e-mail from mom?
PDA: Any e-mail in the last hour?
You can set schedules for your devices and control them remotely using a mobile internet connection
alexa what is the dollar to euro exchange rate
stop, you've understood me not right.
where is the party?
solution
Mute volume.
please can you try what you've just said once again.
Delete that item from the list
What is the price of EUR To USD
resume recent audiobook
What is the weather like in New Brighton, PA?
I hope we could eat biscuits
i need to check today's email of jack
is now a good time to sell some euros?
Turn off/on wemo outlet.
its cold outside?
please play some jazz
appreciate the answer.
Are there any recent unread emails?
play workout playlist
Order a train ticket to Los Angeles.
Siri, what is one American dollar in Japanese Yen?
Alexa, i need a train ticket for today to Chicago.
just a joke here or there
where the event will be
Oll
Tell me more about the Japan Day Festival.
Give me the opening stock price of Apple
Ill take my coffee, black Olly.
you are helpful, thank you so much, olly.
Please remind me about Swatishs' birthday
Define the moon for me.
could you explain me about your answer again.
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
i think your answer is not correct.
How do i get the answer to 2 plus 2?
List me the audiobooks I have already listened to.
How much is a train ticket to Denver from here?
what is 24 times 24
Pandora
check new emails from jim
Remind me of my meeting
Start reading 50 Shades of Grey from Chapter 4.
Check the status of my order
Please pull up the article in the New York Times.
Post I am happy to Facebook.
I need to know events scheduled for the weekend
Turn my iroomba on.
that is cool, thanks.
Open the weather app
What was the news for March 4th 2017?
open radio
i don't mind to choose any one.
would you tell me once more.
increase the light
bed room 2 switch off the lights.
:PDA are you alive
Lesson the speaker volume
Please make me a cappuccino.
What are the headlines from the new york times
I don't want to take any more calls after 5pm
go to the end of the podcast
s2, that is not so clear to me.
i want you to confirm it please.
Answer with...
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
play radio with rock music
Top 10 movies
Turn off any morning alarms after Friday
Can you tell me what movie has the best reviews?
I would like you to come up with the answer to the question
What is the time over in Florida?
Does contact Mona has an email as well?
Book for me a train ticket to New York
wouldn't really mind, olly.
radio stations
what is the weekend weather forecast?
What day does april 16th fall on?
Start new email for Yulia
try to play old 90's classic music
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
If it is 12 hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time, what's the time in the Philippines now?
Scan the radio for howard stern
i need to hear what said again.
Please select the first song in my iTunes library.
Tell me the synonym
What year was this song recorded?`
Where should I go for Mexican food in my area?
What is the current week weather
Focused on the topics which are important rather than diverting from the issues
how about u
Post the picture I just took on Twitter.
What is the list about my my favorite songs
s1, again rephrase your answer to me please.
Add buy groceries to my to-do list for today
uh no, it's not what i am looking for.
add a item
Is it someones birthday or anniversary today?
Play the next episode of Max's podcast
play reggae music
Its dark in here, mind turning up the light intensity?
Is it going to rain later?
you have done it perfectly.
i'd like you check and confirm what i last said please.
What is the average speed on main highway.
PDA, please archive my read messages.
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
read the list
yeah right response.
thankama
olly tell me how to cook spaghetti
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
Lets converse on the subject.
Please provide world hot news
Who is Christie Brinkley's boyfriend?
what is the square root of 36
get me with new list.
Please tune my XM radio to CNN
I have dinner with my sister this Saturday
Can you direct me to the menu for the highest-rated Chinese carryout near me?
Send mail to Bubbles. I want to meet her tomorrow at 2 PM in office.
It looks sunny and clear today, is that true?
let us try the last spoken again please.
no, i did not ask for that.
can u tell me the phone number of me
Check my new emails and tell me what are they about
select the music player
Please repeat that music again of Akon.
olly what fun stuff can i do around here
will you check and confirm detail please.
Hey PDA, does that restaurant have takeout?
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
should I wear rainboots
please tell me that again.
Should i take my raincoat with me now
Remind me of the meeting on 1/22
Can I get a recap of what is going on with Sprint right now?
will you shut down.
thanks but i think got me wrongly.
Where is the nearest Italian restaurant?
please delete my next calendar event
I do have a to do list for today, don't I?
Remember this music
Raise lights to full power
My mail
open my list
you've done that exactly.
Play my favourite podcast
Do I have an Amazon list saved?
find local shops
PDA, show me cooking websites.
speak one more time again.
Olly, write a reply to my mother's email.
where is artic ocen
whats happening in ny
uh no, i think you don't interpret request right.
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
Where does my personal information get stored?
Download certain vocab
Say the time
Play the next episode of this podcast.
I would like to hear Aretha Franklin's Call Me after this song.
olly can you please shut up.
alexa add shoes to my list
What highly-rated movies are playing this weekend?
Tell about my new emails
What were the highlights from this evening's soccer match?
ask my brokers
Remind me about the meeting in 1 hour.
i would like you stop.
play my soundtrack
list new emails
IS OBJECTS PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS
Have I received emails from Sarah?
Give me the recipe for cooking Briyani
who has responded to my business within the last 24 hours
Is Fongs dine in only?
Please add one plus one
Turn up the brightness
Olly, what is the definition of the word 'snafu' ?
Where was Marlon Brando born?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHEN WE HAVE TO PAY FOR CAR INSURANCE?
Find current stock pricing for stock in Samsung.
Change the volume
add appointment in the list
Should I take my sunglasses with me when I go out today?
Send email to <email address>
football matches in newyork
get nearest hosptal
good work, you have done well.
Are there any upcoming concerts by U2?
set on 2nd jan about soccer match of Manchester.
Google, What are the basic things humans need?
fb stocks
Describe texture
The 22nd is on what day of the week?
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
This song is not very good
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
Please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level.
set an alarm on Wednesday noon, so I can register for early adopters program
yeah you've gotten it right.
then tap OK.
Friday what time is the forum about Drugs in the civic center?
please say one more time again.
yeah you understood my instructions exactly.
I need a taxi at 8 tomorrow morning to take me to work.
open contacts and call john smith
Book a cab which have cheapest price
Turn off living room lights.
Tell me about George Washington
Is snap doing good after the IPO?
s2, i am not so clear about what you have said.
Has Mary posted anything to facebook today?
please check and confirm it.
Remove all the events and schedules.
Olly, where do the Rocky Mountains start?
is there a train ticket available for boston tomorrow?
Schedule a lunch meeting with Brent on Wednesday at noon.
I'm hungry show me some takeaway food
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
any one is fine for me, olly.
Ok Google, where does Sophia Vergara live?
How deep is the deepest point of the Grand Canyon?
Send a tweet to TMobile for rude employees.
Quiet mode on until I am home from work.
Let me hear that podcast
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
ah it was great one, olly.
Play a jazz music
Delete everything for this month.
today's date
that doesn't really matter for me, olly.
whatever the next event is in the calendar, delete it
Define flabbergasted.
What does I-75 look like?
Turn the left light off
please let's try the last spoke one more time again.
contacts please
play rock
that was not so clear to me.
Did i set an alarm to have tablets in the noon?
yeap it's good.
exchange rate I will get with foreign currency
i don't mind for any one, olly.
Play I walk the line by Johnny Cash.
can you please further clarify me about it.
will you tell me that one more again.
Do I have a soccer game this weekend?
Please play Jennifer Lopez album
play a classical.
What ingredients are needed for making biriyani
find meaning of this in dictnery
PDA please set this event on repeat this date
get large pizza with pepperoni
i don't really mind for anything.
Thumbs up this song
Send a Hi to test2@gmail.com
How can I make your day a little better?
that's enough, just cancel it.
never mind.
Set reminder for atleast 20 times for this calender event which i svery important
I want to do X thing every day, please set a reminder.
For how many years was Abraham Lincoln president of United States
delete bread from shopping list
Do I have a doctors appointment today?
Set a repeating reminder alarm for the Facebook event I have to attend on 7th April.
how is everything olly
I wanna share that.
list all events and delete
Could you add this on my calender please
Give directions to Pizza hut.
Turn on the radio on this channel
Please play radio when whether forcast is playing.
These lights are too bright please fix them
change alarm setting
uhh no, i think it was incorrect response.
Disable music player.
let's try your sentence spoken once again please.
Could you please yell the answer out to me?
Stop repeating this song.
Olly, how old is Tom Cruise?
whai will be the highest temperature in coming week
What's up in the nieghbourhood?
sorry but that is not the right response.
give me the details of friend
tweet mobile complaint to samsung
i would not mind for any one.
Did any emails come for me in the last 5 hours?
what is the answer to this math question?
I want my PDA to find good posters and arts of my favorite shows
Text an email to Donna. Hey what are you doing today?
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
Olly, check my email.
what is on my playlist?
what would be a good romantic dinner?
What will the weather be like for this week?
Can you play acoustic music with no commercials?
am i busy this weekend
PDA, what does AUS stand for?
it is great one, thank you.
PDA please set this date to repeat
Send reply to email
How is the traffic on I-25?
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
yeah correcly.
Please make coffee at 7:00 AM
tell me the exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees
yes you got command exactly.
Tell me something about America.
Is today my brothers birthday?
please set the lighting suitable for reading
What is the weekly weather report?
Play my <insert genre> playlist
sent to
Can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week?
Which country would end up converting the most money out of a thousand dollars US?
Are there any events going on close by?
open podcast by the young turks
Please add an event to my schedule
Find me a good meatloaf recipe.
Set a calendar event
you are helpful,.
CALL CHINA KING CHINESE RESTAURANT
What events are happening this weekend in my area?
you've done it right, olly.
Tell me what usa thinks of asia
Can you pull up the latest time so I won't be late for my appointment?
Play a song that will make me smile
i did not quite catch up with you.
Olly, today wore me out
My day was pretty hectic today.
what is the mean sea level of that place.
please will you clarify further.
delete the list please
Please turn on the radio.
Book Uber from my home
i like you confirm last thing i said please.
*clapping sound*
i need to hear the last phrase said again.
I don't like it
once again explain your answer.
Show newest emails.
alexa lest play chess
hmm, not correct.
When is the school dance junction marked
Open podcast player
thanks for listening.
I will be at pizza hut in 10 minutes and will stay there for next 40 minutes. Arrange an uber for me that can drop me home.
Hello, what are you up to?
wouldn't really bother, olly.
i do not quite catch up with you.
I am in need of a taxi right now.
What times are today's meetings?
go to the event month and  delete
What's the humidity level?
what does tense mean
Get me the latest stock price for Costco
What alarm time had you set?
'PDA', guess what happened today? (now user begins speaking about day)
jane doe
Can you update my facebook profile picture to the image I took from Google office yesterday?
Where does Tar work currently?
Do I have any other contact phone number for Alison?
How many times could the size of Texas fit into the size of Alaska?
will you tell me once more please.
Olly, Open 'The Two Towers'
Answer this question. What's the first boss in Super Mario Bros?
Can you put on my playlist of metal music?
speak one more again please.
play sword art opening
Set up a daily reminder for me.
when was the last alarm set
Turn the lights on full bright.
Send an email to my wife about next week weather
Train times at Gary Station going toward Fort Wayne today
SECURITY AWARENESS
Play the David Bowie song Major Tom
send that
Send this message to @Microsoft on Twitter
I want to listen to ... podcast
Cortana, what are the most recent headlines on CNN?
can you tell me the time in new york
can you please update me the time?
Very hectic
Lights off in the living room.
who is going to my meeting at 9AM?
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
appreciated, that's nice.
Appointments this wednesday
Get me the news about today's meeting
List and play all songs by given artist.
can you replay your phrase you just said.
s1, rephrase this further.
Google find any alarms I have set for today.
Turn the lights up
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
Set the alarm off
Please turn on my coffee pot
Hey, I want to know about your inception
Ted talks
please check command.
i'd like to hear the last one said again.
What are my appointments for 12pm to 4 pm?
read me back whats on my shopping list
Set a reminder i need to wake up at 5 Am every morning
Tell me which politician is being investigated.
This song sucks! Note it down!
did you get what said correctly?
Alexa, which is the smallest island in the world?
Play san andreas game.
Set an alarm for 5 am
Please play the newest podcast
Notify me when Trump is in the news
I need you to add this email in my contacts
olly i would like you stop.
What all goes into a red velvet cake?
Do I have any new emails from...?
what do you want to talk about?
Please check my mail
Add to my reminders to watch new movie today at 9pm
Olly, what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck?
did I received an email from rohit?
your salary
How do I reach Sarah?
Add <name> to schedule for <date/time> at <location
What is the subject of the email that just arrived
What is the name of a lake that has dried up over the years?
Dismiss my next event
i have no idea regarding to which to choose.
GIVE SOME OF DELETE IN TODAY EVENTS
put the song in order of songer first arijit singh song then sukhwinder then sunidhi.
Erase thislist
What is the square root of ten?
nope, you gave me incorrect information.
i think your response was not correct.
mark location A as an event on calendar.
I wanna start skewing, how effective will it be
Any specific event in Washington ?
remember how I rate this song
Whats the temperature in Mangalore today
Please alert me when John emails me
How far is San Francisco from LA?
Can you tell me when my appointment is supposed to occur?
change light colour to yellow
You're too loud
How many more reminders are left?
foreign exchange rates
what is on that date
doesn't really matter with me, olly.
show the list
tell me the time in someplace
When was Benjamin Franklin born?
Please put Event X into my calendar and mark it as a repeating event.
PLEASE SWITCH OFF THE LIGHT
I no longer need the daily 5pm alarm.
share me a joke
Delete my next scheduled event please.
what is the time in London now
Pull up Outlook, I need to send a email.
Please play shape of you by Ed Sheeran.
Read my list to me.
Calculate the travel time if I go to orlando by train.
get me to CNN website
Turn on the lights that are outdoors.
Add reminder today evening to collect the parcel from Jakes bristo
Add birthday reminder on September 4
TODAY IS MONDAY, IS IT ?
Book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
Please, order some sushi for dinner
<unk> ok buy that one
Turn sound off
continue playing my audiobook
What is the name of the lead singer in this band?
Send a tweet to WalMart Customer Service:  Your return policy stinks
Where is India located ?
set an appointment for Allen on tomorrow
Play the current playlist
PDA check on this week's weather report
Tell me all about hurricane
thank you for doing it, olly.
Music change
Send tweet to Wallmart
s2, i was not so clear about what you have just said.
would not mind for any one.
what kind of cloth eastern people wear
add John's birthday on 25 March
Turn off/on the socket!
Does my co worker have a home phone number?
Tell me a joke, please
What hour is it in New York now?
Start vacuum cleaner now
Who is the wife of Obama ?
let me hear some bluegrass music
remove all alarms if any
Order me some chipotle
change lights
Who is the most popular American actress?
Can you tell me about my mettings next week?
olly play some rap music
search for information on internet
What will the weather be for the next week?
Cortana, when is my nexy dental appointment on the calendar?
Is there any chances of rain this week.
Define broiler for me
How old is Chuck Norris?
Mute the sound.
Turn off the wemo plug
search the locality
What news has happened on CNN today?
could you try again.
Please alert me on Friday at 8:00 am to go to the gym.
Olly Play be warned by tech n9ne
Notify me with news updates on Nigeria
12.30pm already, you will have a meeting in 10 mins
Olly, make me some coffee.
turn down volume
What day of the week is the 23rd of this month?
Place an order for a pepperoni pizza at Papa Johns.
send an invitation email to marilia
send mail to some one
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
Has Wendy posted on FaceBook?
i think you have done this all in wrong manner.
yeap the command was amazing.
Olly, make a calendar entry for next Saturday at ten a.m., please.
Send an email to qerwerq@dfasdfa.com
Can you turn the lights up?
set timezone
What is the email address for Tessa?
Don't talk
Is it better to invest or save?
Can you please describe the I phone seven?
What does 'turbulence' mean?
Please submit status to facebook
Next one
what are the measurements of a Rubix Cube
Play Soundcloud
help me call xxx
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
Call an Uber for me
please can you confirm the question.
olly could you shut off.
What do i need to do today
Echo, what were the winning powerball numbers last night?
Find the mass of the sun.
Add that song to my Top 10 favorites list
Olly, please add my meeting with Clara to my calender for this thursday afternoon.
Decrease brightness
Alert me of my dentist appointment at 2pm.
please replay.
tell me speed to go sun
What is the size of a small cub
Erase @ from list
Complaint on service prover on my twitter
Should I bring an umbrella for work today?
Alexa, turn off the fan in the master bedroom.
get rid of this list
Remove dog food from my grocery list.
Olly, is it still going to be windy on thursday?
call the customer cell through phones for direct response
Remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'
i'd like you to check and confirm what i said please.
How many mails have I received today ?
whats the weather like in chicago
Whats the time now?
When did Prince Die?
change the time in this location to IST
Keep playing War and Peace.
it's fantastic, thank you.
Alexa, remind me daily about Inauguration Function
What is the most current local news?
Play something by Norah Jones
stock x find out
Please know that today I had a meeting with George
Notify me when I have a meeting.
Resume Born to Run
Tell me the humidity level downtown today.
play a song randomly from my playlist
Turn my smart plug socket on.
delete <unk>
Olly, what is the fastest route to town?
Save to contacts
you are the best, appreciated.
you have done that right thanks, olly.
Schedule a reminder on 15th march and input name as meeting
can you check last thing i said please.
Speakers off.
Have you added a meeting with Tom tomorrow at 9 pm?
Get me up at 8 AM.
Can I tell you about my day?
What can I cook with broccoli and chicken?
send a remind email
Time, Wellington, NZ
Olly, recommend a romantic comedy in my area
PDA, what is the current state of the investigation into Trump's ties with Russia?
olly that's not how you pronounce that.
TELL ME IF MY ALARM IS SET FOR THE MORNING?
provide me with the list of great restaurants in A
turn of all lights
May I ask you to add a new event to my calendar ?
Get rid of that item
Creat a list
Remind me to meet Sarah at Safeway in Mckinleyville California at noon.
Please put on my favorite rap music playlist.
Turn the lights down a bit
may i know the time in london
anything would be good.
New alarm for 6am
What is Jimmy Johns's corporate number?
Set a recurring event in my calendar.
Turn up speakers
search for the teams that are playing
olly that's all, just stop.
I need to know how to make stuffed peppers
What time am I meeting my dentist on Friday?
make next podcast episode to play
What time is it in New York City right now?
are you human?
It is cold out today, Olly.
Olly, I met my future wife today. Please set up a date next Friday.
i do not mind to select any one, olly.
Mukkala mukka.billa
send alert mail to sandy
get the forecast of my destination city next week
Set a weekly appointment reminder.
Boiling
BIRTH DAY WHISHES
1 USD is EUR
How many rivers are there in the world?
what is the stock value of google
Please destroy this list.
Email Chelsea
Tell me 1 euro = $
Turn the lights on
Tell me the preparation method for Chicken 65
Current song rating, three stars.
How would I do an PSSO in my knitting project?
I am really feeling depressed right now, can you please play my most played songs to cheer me up?
Play me Barcelona by Queen
put crazy by britney spears on
Do I have appointments today?
Lower the brightness of the lights
Send a personal thank you email to George.
play book
Turn on my electronic playlist
erase
Brief me about  today's football match
please could you say it once more.
Olly recommend a wine tasting event this Weekend in Chicago.
convert currency calculator
What is the time in the Pacific time zone at this very moment?
Show me nearby musical events
give me today's sports news
What's happening in the world today?
Give me the facts on Yankee Stadium.
What is on the agenda for today?
you've got my instructions correcly.
Alexa are there any backups on route 80 today?
Olly, tell me the most recent news from CNN.
Julie's information
Mark pick-up Leonard every Tuesday at 3pm.
olly that is all.
Pull up a complaint for for AOL.
please could you tell me again.
Put the gym playlist next in queue
tell me  the details of the music playing
i couldn't catch that.
convert 23:30 from GMT +4:30 to GMT -2:00
that is unimportant.
Can I get delivery from this restaurant?
How is the traffic from home to work
stocks fb
Display volume strength on current track
Can I see my Facebook feed?
When can you use word set?
Light color change
How can I debone a tilapia?
I want to hear Beyonce.
where to buy cannon cameras
What is the nuclear triad?
Make my calendar empty
Yes, I want to know latest news updates.
PDA please look up best recipes
sorry i did not mean to say that.
shedule a reminder one hour before the meeting
Play podcast a.
yeah you've done that exactly.
Alexa add toothpaste to my shopping list.
Play this radio channel for me
Mail Gaurav my phone number and other contact details.
Book a ticket for the evening train line
Olly, book me an uber, please.
please run the vacuum
How much does a bowling ball cost?
i'd like to hear what said again.
Can I get an order delivered from Romero's?
oops, you have messed up.
Take me to emails from my boss.
What do they have going on for festivals downtown?
Show me future events
Uh, what does the current date happen to be, PDA?
Please delete my grocery list in entirety.
Breeds of dog that are most hypoallergenic
Text Sarah if she is free for brunch today.
How many millilitres is two table spoons?
PDA, write a tweet to this company.
Am I going to swim to work today?
that is enough, cancel.
Olly, all new mail
well done, appreciated.
Do I have any off days this week?
I am bored can you find me something to do near me
i do not catch up with you.
you are star,, olly.
Start a new (grocery, task, shopping) list.
it is useful,, olly.
My day was busy
Book Uber for tonight at 7pm
What is the latest news on Sprint?
your scenarios on your PC and transfer them back to the PDA via the hot
When is the next train arriving to Union Station from Grand Central Station?
you did amazing work,.
Can you loop the playlist themes?
Add pick up kids from school to my to-do list for today
you did amazing work, thank you so much.
the weather forecast
check my mail
check and confirm what i said please.
remove my to do list
dance with me!
PDA tell me what time it is right now in Austin
Where is the event venue?
Can you play my latest audio book?
you've gotten my instructions correcly.
how much in the clock?
Please turn off left side lights.
s2, i am not so clear about last sentence.
yeap you have understood answer exactly.
Turn up volume of music
Remove all the events in my calendar
start my most recently played podcast
suggest movies and songs that I would like, but that aren't necessarily like ones I've already said I like
Have I got any new emails
how do you fell
05.02.17
get contact
send a confirmation email to sandy
Plan me a holiday trip
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
what you've just said is not clear.
please play all the songs in high volume and make adjustments to pop music mode.
PDA what is the geology of this location
Are there any events happening next week?
Create an event with Zaf
add new email address
Play mp playlist from start
Tell me some best tourist places to visit in America.
will you speak it again please.
Is it going to rain on my birthday?
Open my calendar
Play Hungry Eyes.
that is good one, i appreciate it.
sorry but i think that's not the correct command.
do I need to take an umbrella with me this afternoon?
Please play me songs from the 80's
Let me know about the alarms you set
call me for this meeting
delete meeting
please confirm it.
What time does the train to place leave?
Rating
change background
Should I wear sandals?
I don't want any events listed on the calendar
shit, that isn't what i was looking for.
Please set a reminder in my calendar for my meeting on March 25.
thanks, that's nice.
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
What day of the week is June 27th on this year?
i am not so clear about the last sentence.
Please add this event to my calendar
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM RADIO OF 100.5 STATION FOR ME?
i want to hear it again.
tweet at KOC: your waiting time sucks
What's happening around the world?
it's not what i am searching for.
news
that's amazing, thank you very much, olly.
it is good job, thank you very much, olly.
oops, you're wrong.
yes correct response.
When is asparagus in season?
Please skip to the next podcast episode.
play the twilight book
Trash the open list, Google.
In 5 sentences let me know the procedure of making Thanksgiving Turkey
you have done it correctly, olly.
what is omorrows events
Send an email to this contact rede43@oby.com
please correct the incorrect command.
Add alarm
Turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
i wish this event to be removed from my calender
Clear this list
what are my pending tasks?
s1, would you please rephrase it further to me.
fix an alam
what train stations close to me also sell tickets
Drive the car and bring my friends over
Remind me of my dentist appointment the night before.
Latest world news please.
Price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
play the romanitc songs
Is it colder than yesterday?
do i have a party planned this weekend?
Show me movie times.
I want to know how cold is it outside today?
What is the dollar equivilant in pesos?
What are the list of events in my calender in March
Tune into the KORN morning show please.
Remind me to send that email later
Find my email for.. date
Please arrange a train ticket for me
will you again explain me about the last sentence please.
refer local current events
COULD YOU PLEASE BOOK A CAB FOR ME IN UBER FROM LA TO NY TODAY.
the weather updated to the PDA using SPB Weather.It either updates forecasts from Intellicast or Weather.com, both rather poor for my site.
Lower your volume please.
Find and Order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt Ltd
Please put me your input to know my schedule
Read me new headlines
Volume up/down
who are the last number of people I got emails from?
I would like it to help analyze ideas
What is the temperature I am supposed to cook this lasagna at?
Please give me update of cricket
Is there takeaway at Donut Junction
music traking
What appointments do I have today?
Tell me upcoming event's
Can you make me some coffee Olly?
would you confirm the details please.
I need directions to Meijer Gardens
do not speak today
thanks for answers, olly.
Do I have an appointment today?
answer
s2, i didn't catch that.
uh no, that isn't what i requested.
wait, you did not interpret command right.
Add on calendar: birthday party tomorrow, 2pm, for Jane, at her house
olly i said call jack not jake.
Show me some food court nearest to my location
send me the last list uploaded
whats the weather
Quiet on.
Book me a train ticket for tomorrow
PDA name: when does the train arrive at xxxx station
Play X on X radio.
What are the different types of round objects?
i am sorry but i think you don't get the response right.
How long should I cook a hamburger on each side
florida
let's play space invaders together
What was the last movie that Brad Pitt starred in?
Take me to T.Nagar
PDA trantimes to NY.
can you tell me today's date?
you are star, thanks.
Please mute my speaker.
Play the next howard stern show on the radio.
This was a great day Olly.
Olly play the latest downloaded podcast
Convert 8 AM Manila time to New York time.
What steps do I need to do for shrimp parmigiana?
open inbox
Listen to Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
this is unimportant to me.
tell me what i said one more time again please.
How is the current traffic between....
Could you please search my new news provider for the latest news?
Define what a wizard is
I want topics on music
Tell me if I can travel the whole world in a day
How many Oscars has won Meryl Streep?
Ok Google, start reggae music
it's cool, musch appreciated.
How tall is Mount Rushmore?
Please defined about internet.
Waht is the geographic area of Australia
book me a taxi from XXX to XXX destination
whats the time in denver?
Disable wemo socket
when can we eat?
Tell me latest BBC news
Order Chinese from China Spring - wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli.
I want topics on celebrity gossip
tweet error log to samsung
read me any new messages in my email
I need to let my small group know the location has changed
delete the item(computer) from the list
Write a complaint to Best Buy.
s1, please elaborate further on your answers.
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
alexa what is the definition for the word pontificate
Play and shuffle all slow music songs.
Go backward 30 seconds.
How many meetings do I have this week?
Do you know the answer to the question
Get me a recipe for cookies
you understood my instructions correcly.
Resolve this 30 -12
Hey, what is the time?
Order a takeaway
Play anything by Cat Stevens and I'll be happy
olly will you please shut down.
add contacts n mail
olly you got a command wrong.
I would need to be notified of church services on Sundays at 11 am.
Tell me latest updates of new york
Where is Morocco located?
Please skip two songs
would you confirm details.
I want coffee from the machine
Add Bruno Mars to my favorites
Can you reserve me a seat on the train to Hartford next Friday morning?
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
change my alarm
set my alarm fro 5:30
oh no, i did not say this.
yeah that's correct.
I wish it could give me advice
show X's contact detail
turn on the plug socket 1.
did Mike send me an email
check what just said please.
Provide me the world latest news
search for the correct game
Please turn on the wemo plug socket
it's nice, appreciated.
play my favorite pandora station
Play music programs in radio
How can I cook pizza.
PDA: What's 2 plus 2
start a new email to:
Hey, play that podcast I stopped last night.
olly will you stop it.
I would like my PDA to update all  breaking news across the world
entertainment news
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
Olly, where's the closest zoo to where I'm at?
Did we get any update from the new provider?
Email Karen about the budget meeting
Olly, I want to hear a station that plays R&B.
Play songs by the Beatles please.
My meeting friday is in eastern standard time
please check that.
Is it sunny today?
please tell me one more time.
What was the content of message sent by Matt?
What do you want to do today?
Turn on the socket.
what's the date of the winter solstice two years from now?
Can you tell me what happened to my social media?
tune in some music
what is the population of Florida
play last libertarianpodcast
Please remove the following list
What is Kevin Spacey doing?
open songs from Major Lazer
Is it after noon yet?
dim the bedroom lights to half
Remind me of my meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
i want to send email to my friend jack@gmail.com
Who is Taylor Swift?
Turn off the bass from the audio
Please check your calendar, i have done somethings
Turn it up, Olly!
Memo
what does my morning look like tomorrow?
Define Love
i appreciate your helps.
Set a reminder for tomorrow evening
10 past seven
how old is george clooney
is it possible to drive now in ohio
go to the event year and  delete
yeah it was confirmed.
Please recite the items on my grocery list.
How much is 1+1?
how long do I cook maccoroni alexa
i am sorry but i think you didn't get me.
Play the podcast named Ringcast
what is the price of the US dollar vs Canadian dollar
What is the current traffic
Olly, play me an upbeat song through your speakers.
Title of song
Every Wednesday night at 5pm remind me to meet Phil.
Ok Google, can you continue audiobook {title}
A priest walks into a bar...
Switch on smart plug.
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Did the stock prices of Google go up or down?
post a status 'Happy birthday mom' on FB
Do I have any alarms set for tomorrow?
Start vacuum bot.
Can we deactive the socket
Please go to the next episode of the podcast.
Remind me to pay rent every month
what's the funniest joke
What's up today?
Please tweet a complaint about slow service at Applebee's
any one will be okay.
What time is next meeting
further explain me on the last sentence please.
find me the nearest Chinese for delivery
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
What is Channing Tatum's Birthday?
What is the date?
Arrange a meeting with our suppliers this week end.
yeah you understood command correcly.
i think you have gotten it incorrectly.
s1, will you please again elaborate.
Political news of importance for the day
date and time
To go food, louies
Send this message to Twitter.
PDA, what is the weather of this week?
Tell what the definition of the word
What year was the song created?
Will Sting be in Tampa Florida soon
Add my meeting in Google office tomorrow, 10 AM
Olly, I need to hear some sad songs today.
Olly, give me the most recent stuff you have Angelina Jolie.
PDA: Blue lights please
can you check and confirm my last command please.
Do I have any events scheduled today?
Send me a reminder of my meeting with Tom next Friday
could you check that please.
Add this one also.
Find me a train ticket to...
you've done it right thanks, olly.
remind me about this tomorrow
Tell me a random trivia.
book Ola cab for now
find me train tickets
What news articles were on CNN today?
Delete the Christmas party at the church next Wednesday.
currency converter
Repeat this song when it ends.
Please open my contact list
i asked for something else.
Is there life on other planets?
could you check and confirm that please.
Play the last song from my most recent playlist.
Can you do me a favor, my eyes are feeling strained on these lights, can you please change it to a cooler tone?
Show me the current date today
Tell me when it is 5PM
Add ... and ... to event ....
RCCG ikoyi Lagos distance by train will take how long and which direction?
Delete event from mine
where is the venue?
Play Jazz from Jennifer's latest album
get more information on geographic information about this place
Olly, who is Luke Bryan?
Please set up a meeting with Jonh for Monday.
lets start Candy Crush over from the beginning
Put on some love songs.
check recent emails
that does not really matter with me.
it is unimportant, olly.
Play Romantic playlist
please repeat that.
What and who was I emailed about last week?
Do I have an event on this date?
email to address
knowledge about food processing
play my favorite station
I want to know what are happening now in my area
run indian folk song
Please remove list
Is jack send any email
will you retry it please.
Is it going to be windy today.
Did Dan send me any emails?
you dont get right things.
you have done that right musch appreciated.
Any new e-mails from work?
add oil change to my to do list
What's the latest email I have?
retry it.
thank you so much for the information.
Good morning! Isn't it a great day?
Will I need a coat for work today?
yeap you got answer perfectly.
uh no, i think not right response.
When was (insert) last academy award winning movie?
Tell me what lists I have.
Create an event for me at 3:30 pm
yes correcly.
it's not the correct command.
book a train ticket with a berth seat to Lucknow for next week
stop that that's not what i want.
don't mind for whatever.
Who is the Prime Minister of India
What times do the trains run between here and the Met?
Get me the details of upcoming Oscar 2017.
what is on event calendar for today
Let me know if Linda posts anything on my Facebook today
start playlist
play silent song
Check to see if I have any new emails from...
you've done that right musch appreciated.
Play meditation music
play me some christian songs
you've done it correctly, olly.
again clarify me on your answers.
what's that.
yeap you've understood my instructions correcly.
Switch off the lights
After this song, play Atomsphere.
stock market
mild or heavy weather
i'd like to hear your information spoke again.
i would like you to check that please.
show me the directions to the closest starbucks
Check instagram.
Can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow?
I need you to start FM 89.0 radio channel
Define amphibious for me.
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
Make the list of person of the year
please check that command.
How tall are giraffes?
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
delete 'sherlock holmes' from library
i would talk to you later.
you did great work, thank you.
How old is Ellen?
Add Dr. rosenstock as an email contact
Is the 4:30 PM train running late?
Can you turn it up a little?
buy me a train ticket.
please delete this item
tell me it one more again please.
Have I received any work emails from Jeff?
PDA name: ask @nsa why they are spying on me and post it on twitter
Repeat the music
i would like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
tell me once more.
Please start the vacuum.
I want to play rock paper scissors, let's play
What date is Easter Sunday this year?
What is the email sent by this contact read
Set reminder for noon to get lunch with boss
Turn the volume off.
yes got your understanding correcly.
When is (musician) next touring?
Are there any trains leaving from New York City at 8pm?
you rock, musch appreciated.
Take me to the most popular post.
PDA name: kill the lights
cross out bread from shopping list
When was the last meeting?
search on his locality
I would like a coffee now.
What year was Elvis born
check email
Play the Serial podcast
Fine
would like to know the alarm you sent
play radio please
How many pesos will I get for $100?
Olly how's it hangin.
please say one more time.
Could you please confirm if Leonardo is Married?
olly will you stop please.
Please tell DSW I'm returning defective shoes
attend party with Love this friday
whats the crime rate in Chicago
what did you mean by saying this.
Play jazz music now.
Weather forecast for this week
Please delete my meeting with Sam tomorrow.
Where does the Nile end?
What is the time now in San Diego?
Display stock price for Lexmark International.
Check me into home on Facebook
recorded program may be listened on future days
Olly what is it today
Will there be a fall in temperature by tonight
I enjoy listening to this song, it really calms me down
education
Email Ashwin Patel my best wishes and an attachment of work.pdf
What am I doing this week?
create a reminder for my exam tomorrow
alert me when my anniversary is
Give me low lighting in the kitchen
Off all type of active devices
Start a list of dog names.
Give me Petey's telephone number.
We are dancing today! Can you please pull up my favorite dance tracks!
Define speaker.
olly can you shut up.
Turn on the light'socket
May i ask you to dim the lights
you did fantastic work,.
go to timeline
Siri, skip song
I am about to meet Tom tomorrow at 7pm
What things do I have on my morning to do list?
Checkout today set alarm of 10 a.m.
musch appreciated, it's good one, olly.
How old is Brad Pitt?
PDA, have I gotten any new emails from ****?
Are there any new messages in my inbox?
show me the one week forecast
mail x@x.org
What are the offers in Uber eats?
is tomorrow going to rain?
What was the first movie of Morgan Freeman?
Lower my music player volume by 50% of its current level
please could you confirm that.
Any email from my client?
If my package shows that it is for delivery tomorrow, can you set up an alarm 1 hour after? Thank you!
open my new emails
what were you trying to say.
Tune to
show current news form bbc
Would like to see the time zone?
yes it's correct.
What is a funny joke?
What is today's date?
Add event: Baseball practice, 5pm tonight
Send an alert before meeting
Start the I'm Feeling Lucky playlist on Google Play.
Please check if Leonardo is Married
are you sure.
s1, would you please explain more on your words.
Play Shane Dawson podcast
olly would you shut up.
Is today a sunscreen day?
please replay your last statement.
I want to hear Tum hi ho next.
What country has the most population?
Please post a status on Twitter. Say:
THIS IS IMPORTANT EVENT, PLZ NOTE ON MY CALENDAR.
Please mark  the wemo socket to off
Olly, email Jennifer the new schedule of the meeting for tomorrow.
change the house lights to pink
need geographic information about X
Olly could you fix me some coffee
Do I have alarms set ?
How far is it from Tokyo to Dallas?
Is there bad traffic on the highway right now?
what is the answer to 1 times 2
add date and time in calender with these people
Please tell me if theres going to be snow this weekend
Is Julia Roberts married?
where is band playing
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
play something by The Used.
how do i make cookies
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
turn on radio
find news about Brexit
I need the definition of president.
i would like you check and confirm last thing said please.
Play dynamite by ACDC.
Put dark colours instead of light ones in the house.
please once again explain.
Send a reply to Robert for his email received today morning.
What's your favourite tv show?
play audiobook of jacob
Please mute the speakers
I'd like to know the latest news on <insert topic here> as it comes in
try what you just said one more time please.
whats going on in Japan
Make a schedule for meeting with our customer next week.
i want you to check and confirm what said please.
New email, recipient Donna, do you have plans for today?
Play this song on 12am
Open radio and play news in rainbow station
Tell me about my schedule for the next month.
Hey. You there?
What traffic is there on the route to the Pittsburgh airport?
send email new address
I want to listen Irene
Status of weather?
Where can i catch some good things to do tonight.
please check and confirm the command.
I'd like to listen to hear a mix of dance and country
email rohit saying 'I am busy tommorow'
would you check and confirm my last command please.
PDA, contact hersheys on twitter
i would not mind for whatever.
whats the weather like right now in new york
PDA, Set an alarm for...
Find a recipe for chicken alfredo
Whats the best way to france?
yeah you've done your understanding exactly.
Please make me coffee without sweetener.
15.02.2017
Remind me 8'O clock that i have a event
please elaborate me about your answers further.
it was helpful,, olly.
Can you add my business meeting to the work calender?
Please send the email to my mom
economy
yeap strongly agree.
Echo who won the last 5 NCAA men's basketball tournament?
you did perfect job,, olly.
Clear all my calendar events
any one is good to me, olly.
this is unimportant.
Replay the following podcast
Which song is that?
How old is Rue McClanahan?
what day is it today
What is the weather for this week?
Did I get any new emails?
REMIND ABOUT OF ALL EVENT IN CALENDERS
You'll be able to turn that device on or off using your smartphone or tablet
Olly I want to listen to Believer.
Tell me when Trump was born
Get rid of all my events.
Dolores, How was your day
delete event
Confirm whether the color is blue
Please read out all the alarms that are set.
What was the temperature when I was in the park?
Whats the closest taxi to me?
Open train routes
i'd like you check and confirm detail please.
what is now stock price of tata
Brighten lights
please shut off.
set alarm for 6 am everyday
On the other hand, there may be added costs involved in getting your kitchen up to Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture (PDA) sanitary standards, and working at home will definitely impact your familyÔÇöjust ask any successful entrepreneur.
can I order takeaway dinner from byron's?
Where is Mt. Rushmore Located?
fantastic work, you did well.
There are anything in my list.
Send an email to mom,  Subject, weather.  Body, what is the weather like there this week?
Look for apple pie recipe.
kindly assist me in filing compliant about service X
yeah perfect response to command.
What is an electronic emissions system?
Will the temperature be above freezing on Wednesday?
How long does it take the train to get from here to the Met?
can you please check that.
Give me the description of a Smartphone circuit
shut up please.
is it gonna snow
Please tell me what the world news headlines are.
you have done it right thank you, olly.
yeap that's correct.
What events are scheduled next Tuesday between 11am and 3pm?
Play tic-tac-toe with me
Where is the nearest gas station?
that was cool,.
What is the object in this photo?
get the roomba to clean up
s2, i can't catch up with you.
remove tomorrow's alarm
replay that please.
Unmute after 30mins
Olly, open spotifiy and open 'workout'
What does potato mean?
How much for a train ticket?
Olly, when does Panama City Mall open?
Play some tunes
musch appreciated, olly.
Which day this week do I have plans?
Do you think I can wear sandals or should I wear sneakers tonight at 7pm?
Turn the volume up
What will be the size of a small panda
it is useful, thanks, olly.
Add to the list
you have done it right thank you so much, olly.
Has my stock increased in value?
send an email to 'rohit' saying 'I am busy tommorrow'
Contact information for Jay
Do you have any news from News provides
What features are you going to add in the future?
Olly did you have a good day?
could you start over please.
s2, this was not clear.
Red FM chit chat auto tune
can you confirm what i last said please.
Show me my alarms
tell me tom hanks middle name PDA.
play britney spears crazy
Skip this podcast
it seems like olly's response you've understood is incorrect.
why do some poeple still think the earth is flat
Will it be raining on Thursday?
please lower the volume
Show me the shops that are in the area.
What's the current time in Eastern Standard?
follow the following news topic
spot
Please play some jazz misic
use email to let chris know i will be late
which week is 23rd?
PLEASE PLAY MY CRICKET GAME.
Can you activate the vacuum to clean the house?
what to cook for lunch
Can you tell me what a grommet is?
Tell me what's on my list.
please search for this word
listen to pop songs
Add practice to calendar on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m..
what is the coldest state in the us
How much would it cost to buy a share of Target?
How did Michael Jackson die
PDA, explain how to set my coffee machine.
Continue playing X where I left off.
Add an event to my google calendar for the date march 22nd please
email tom
Hey, when is my friend's birthday coming up?
say that once again please.
what is the most famous cave in texas
create a birthday wish reminder for tommorrow at 10 AM
clarify once again to me please.
What news updates are there from news express
Cortana, what events are happening near me?
perfect work, you've done well.
Did I get any emails this week?
Play Maroon 5 playlist
Turn on Pandora
Olly, what is the highest temperature for this week?
Can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approx. 10 mins. from now?
whatever is okay for me.
play songs from my playlist
please clarify me more on your answers.
How long will it take me to get to Park Avenue considering current traffic?
start the next episode of the _____podcast
can you confirm my last question.
Olly what is the best brand of milk chocolate?
What's going on outside?
Where did Mahatma Gandhi born?
When is the last departing train from Boston, Massachusetts.
uhh no.
send email to rohan to meet me today at evening.
can you add to my calendar an event for next friday
Please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom.
Olly How do I cook a pasta?
are my contacts mostly female or male?
Order a ham and cheese sandwich from Subway
Show me my lists
can you say one more again.
Send me current news for the day
Please let me know what time 7 PM is in PST.
How long do I roast chicken breasts?
Make the radio turn on now
Play the pre-gaming playlist
Play Hotel California after this song.
PDA i'm driving please auto answer my calls on speaker phone.
Who sent this email ?
What is the latest update on the weather in Harrisburg Pennsylvania?
log a complaint to lg ac to customer service
What's new on Facebook?
I do not  want to use the socket anymore
PDA do I have any tasks today?
i appreciate the answer.
no, i think that's not the right response.
What happened to the Dow Jones today?
Will you dim all the lights.
Do I have any reminders?
Make sure to call the babysitter for date night on Friday.
s1, please rephrase once again.
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
Play my yoga playlist.
it is unimportant to me, olly.
can you confirm my last command.
please elaborate more on your response.
Can you set an alarm for 7 am?
rephrase further on your response please.
What will the weather be today?
i am fine
can you speak once more please.
i do not really care, olly.
Can I check my lists?
what is current time?
Robot, vacuum the living room now
update me
please speak that one more again.
Please earse the next birthday event
Play the audiobook swan from first
When does the super bowl officially start?
lower lights please
yes you've done it perfectly.
Alexa, please turn down the lights to 50 percent in the den.
Which day is Friday the 13th this year
I would like my PDA to provide all countries and peoples cultures and likes
Give a list of all appointments today post 3 p.m.
Order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese.
Remove the list of apps which started with letter A
Play the God of small things
Play all the list of country songs
PUT MILK ON MY SHOPPING LIST
dammit, i think incorrect response.
Send email to my brother
Check emails for last 12 hours
say it once again please.
Tell me how to cook a cheese souffle
There was heavy traffic on my way home
raise the lights
you've done that right thanks.
Notify me when gbp/usd rate as I expected
that's nice one, thanks.
dammit, you gave me not right information.
Please tell me about friendahip
What is the weather like in Seattle?
I want to listen to Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Let me know the day before my trip to California
Let's play tic-tac-toe
New news, tech
Go back to Animal Farm.
What is the net worth of thew celebrity.
Compose email to my mom...
Make the light more visible.
How is the economy in Fort Worth compared to Houston?
Hey Olly, can you please make me a creamy coffee?
no, you gave me not right information.
Let me know any new emails I've received.
What are all my lists please
Add this email to my address book.
that will be all.
Get with new one.
Is this week trash pickup week?
Lets play checkers
PDA, can you tweet a complaint to the furniture store customer service?
add this event with this people
Play yesterday's Hot 97 morning show
Turn the speakers down to 5%.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
please save this song
what is the name of that song that just went off
are thier any new emails for me today
would like to know the time of train X
great job, you've done well.
PDA when is my alarm set for?
Give me a company for playing football
when I should leave to XXX
does cnn have any breaking news
Increase light brightness.
where is mcdo?
what's the date?
I want to hear the JIm and Bob show on 103.3.
Check the news.
do i have any new emails from my contact Q?
How's the traffic downtown?
how far we send money for digital
Does Louie's do take out
Keanu Reeves, date of birth?
Please alert me.
Forward a complaint to Aircel for network related issues
book a train ticket for me
Tell me a joke about birds.
remind me to eat when i get home
I want a coffee
vanilli marauthr
Cancel my meeting for Friday
can you say once again.
Is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow?
What spices are in Indian food?
please check mails quickely
Play my newest podcasts from Radiolab.
olly i'd like you just stop it.
play 80s music playlist
When is the next holiday?
read list of new emails
Post New Status on Facebook - time to celebrate
alexa describe to me what a ball looks like
let us try your information spoken one more time please.
Book me an Uber ride to go home
yeap correct response.
What's the exchange rate between CZK and euro?
how hot is it in quebec, PDA?
please will you stop.
End this podcast, start anew.
s2, i was not so clear about your answer.
can you please check and confirm last thing said.
send reply 'thank you so much mom' to mom
What events are in my area?
what are the latest mails i received?
What street do i take to get to downtown?
Hack into Donald Trump's account, and wire the funds to everyone's bank accounts by pennies, before converting them to bitcoin, move them through the Darkweb, on 3 different rotations, then exchange the bitcoins through every available online exchange, then wire the funds back to my bank account.
play my favourite
What is the home city of the Bolshoi theatre?
which restaurants offer take out food?
Will the pizza be here soon?
complaint tweet to Microsoft.
What is the traffic situation right in Broadway street?
PDA what can you do?
Turn off the garage light.
did you get what i just said correctly?
hmm, i think you've done it all wrongly.
what are the effects which will cause when america splits in to three
Can you prepare a cheese sandwich?
Tell me a joke about chickens.
Book a plane ticket to ...
forex rates
Google, what is the temperature outside?
Do I have any new email messages?
i'd like you to confirm my last instruction please.
Hey Olly what's up.
remind me 2 days before
explain your words again to me please.
Lower the lights in the bedroom
compare man and woman
What alarms do I have set for Thursday?
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
check for this mail in my contact,if not then add it
Read my grocery list
go to map
x out item
cleaning is good, dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
Turn off the bathroom light please.
Temple runner play
please tell me what alarms are on.
Can you brighten the lights for me?
where is my meeting at 9AM?
i would like to hear what i said again.
i think you have understood that not correct.
Remove events from calendar
Earthquake prediction
What are my meetings for this week?
Hey can you delete the list of things I needed to get from the store?
What are the showtimes of Logan
Daily news
Play The Veldt by deadmau5
PDA: Throw away my to-do list please
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
Hey Olly, what will the weather be like to today in los Angeles California?
ah it's awesome job.
Do i need a sweater today
Don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with Sheila.
Siri, turn the volume up
Play new Rihanna song
thank you very much for reminding me of it.
please just cancel.
what is the best recipe for tacos
sorry but it was not correct.
Get rid of the events on the 19th from my calendar.
Remove the board meeting and reschedule for next Wednesday
Set the time zone to gmt
Is the traffic bad enough that I should leave early?
s2, i was unclear about what you have just said.
THAT SONG IS MY FAVORITE.
Go to next episode.
Show last e-mail from mom
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT OUR COUNTRY LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE.
it was nice job, thanks, olly.
lets go Nazi hunting, PDA!
I do not enjoy this song.
Search for emails from my boss, Michael
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
I want to order some takeaway food
play all by playlist
I need to wake up. Make me the strongest coffee you can make.
that wasn't right.
What does the word labyrinth mean?
please open the news app
today was fun
anything is good with me.
Hi there, tell me latest updates of Times of India page in facebook.
Can I get takeout from PF Changs?
where is place?
that's all, just cancel it.
tallest building
I got loads of sleep today
wouldn't bother, olly.
Tell me more about the scheduled events
check calendar for events
Siri, play Shake It Off
Play for me the Game Temple Run
Raise a tweet on consumer
Get in contact with (sender) on email
convert 1:02 from GTM 4:30 to GMT 1:30
new pop music
Map out a route from here to Abita Brew Pub
Make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
i'd like you check what i last said please.
change the plan of xxx
Get rid of the last list.
Please play AR Rahman music
let me know about the news of india-pakistan match.
Bedroom light off!
let us try the last spoke one more time again please.
Nice music
Refresh the list with new one.
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
i think you messed up with my request.
can you give me the details of indian embassy
Can you save this, 'what a nice song', for me?
do not mind.
I want a lower light
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party.
I need to tweet Wendy's: Ordered, got order, took order home, wasn't my order.
thank you.
Do I need to pick up the kids from anything today?
that does not matter to me, olly.
how many muhurtham in this month?
find Naty from my contacts and send her an email
Is there room on my grocery list for an extra item?
What's scheduled for the next three hours?
What kinds of shops are here?
Set a birthday event for Wednesday
how is the climate.today
Do I have any meetings on Friday's afternoon?
It seems cold.
delete my list
I want a reminder that repeats every week.
Lets play poker.
olly, look uo bruno mars
Tell me quotes that have to do with love
Give me the weather forecast for this week.
can you tell me what kind of show can I go tonight in Miami?
Send email to husband to ask for restaurant ideas
what pubs are close to me.
tell me the definition of arrow
JAZZ could be choice for me
How long is the great wall of china?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
get status changed in social media
Could you please send an email to my husband?
brew coffee at noon
Let's play 90s hits on the radio
Set my calendar to remind me to buy groceries every Friday.
Whats on my calendar today
Tell me what's going on with Facebook.
How do you think the world ends?
bring me a train ticket.
Checkout domino centre near me and order Chese pizza
What time is my eye doctor appointment on the 23rd?
yeap you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
What is a transistor?
make some noise
PDA, tell me about the solar powered garden stakes
Does love equal sex?
Turn on talk radio
you've done command correcly.
set a remainder for 12 pm for lunch
what time is it in los angeles
Add event with .. and ..
can't get what you said now.
Please play this song again
would you say that one more time again please.
How much does the FB stock cost?
Check and delete span emails for the last week
Send an email to Rae telling her my phone is back in service
What are the latest tweets from the new york times
you're not correct.
make a new list for me
Add girls night out to my calendar
Olly, tell me the temperature.
would you please confirm the instruction.
turn up sound
Play last reason podcast
say something funny
Schedule lunch with Tom next week on Monday at 11:30 am
markpolomm@gmail.com
wait, i think you messed up my command.
Does Vocelli's do takeaway?
Making very complex calculations like Jarvis
The set alarm for 9pm on Thursday night.
Open the r/news subreddit on Reddit.
Do add this on my calender PDA!
Delete the list Brads appointments.
Olly, display address of John
Tell me how to cook meatballs
what is your prescription for long and healthy life?
play country
What's traffic look like over the Golden Gate Bridge?
Olly can you convert my time zone to the timezone I'm currently in?
Cancel the list
I want to hear a joke.
What's my emals this morning say?
Put on Radio mango
please make a coffee for me
if it is raining i will not go for job
call XXX
link me to jeff's email
Open calendar, add event, meeting, invite Bill, Malinda
what is apple's stock price
What do you know about Mary?
What are the details of (event)
How long will it take me to drive to the Panic! concert tomorrow?
I need a gold class ticket on train no XXX using my credit card
What is the coldest country on earth
Do I need to bring an umbrella to Manila this afternoon?
Increase the volume to max, please.
would you check the details please.
What's the weather for this week?
Can you give me the newest phone number for Bobby McGee?
fresh list
can you tell me what time is it
the location is _____
hmm, i think you have done the task all incorrectly.
Olly, what is the highest point in the US?
What is the exchange rate between 100USD I'm pesos
don't really care.
any sport event is on my list.
What do you know about the statue of Liberty
i can't quite catch that.
I want to buy over-ear headphones with Minimum Frequency Response of 15 Hz and Maximum Frequency Response 22000 Hz.
list remove
What I can do with laptop
Can I have the 10 day forecast for my area
that is right.
Please dim the lights in the bedroom.
Where is an Olive Garden that does takeaway?
Convert USA time in to Indian time.
What's the definition of diverse?
please play the Mark Levin podcast
I want to see the previous episode
What is the time in India, when the time in US is 12pm
Read me the news for the day
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
Show me the big bang theory?
Tell me my latest email
Remove list start with 'A'
tell me the date
My day was full of work Olly.
Olly, anything interesting going on in the Bay Area?
Send a sorry for your loss email to Pat.
Tweent samsung and tell them to stop killing people with their products.
Cancel medical engagements this weekend.
Check e-mail client
i could not get this.
that was wonderful work, musch appreciated.
Is Pink recording a new album?
Olly, can you tell me where to shop for clothes near my current location?
Send me a reminder to pick up my dog from the groomer at 1pm.
What is the best sports bar with vegetarian options in LA?
thanks but i think you do not get me.
What's been happening for the last two months?
Make a list of numbers for me
Send email to Emilia saying: I will be late, please don't wait with dinner.
Set coffee maker to start at three.
If I have $20 how many Francs is that?
show me the reminders
that is excellent.
Olly, I need a naughty joke, not to naughty though.
tell me again.
What is the traffic like on my commute home at 5?
Please tweet @Nike my pants ripped after the first wash #nothappy
Is there Christmas on 22nd.
Create a meeting thursday afternoon for budget review
I want to hear Play That Funky Music.
what about new mail.
How close is it to 8pm?
my health planning
Send an email to Julie that I can meet up with her on Saturday at 1PM
would you please confirm that.
can you tell me the time of train which go to krishnarajpuram from bangalore
PDA, do I have messages in my inbox?
please tell about the alarms
Send an email to test1@gmail.com with the subject as test and no content.
features of ipad air
Tweet company about their service
Olly, I'd like an espresso.
Will Trump visit Russia anytime soon?
from which movie is the song
I want to listen to the latest Mike and mike podcast.
equalize the bass of this music.
Play me some podcasts about getting rich quick.
What Asian restaurants nearby offer to-go food?
Give me the top-rated movie in my area
Company coming over Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner right now.
I'm done with today's to-do list.
send a complaint to consumer service of this company
I want to hear the best country songs of the 90's.
I would like to hear some rap music.
How much time it will take to prepare the order
What is the exchange between dollar and British pound
Show me the latest email of jack
whatever is okay.
Does Pings have takeaway?
Play the Celine Dion song from the Titanic movie.
Play playlist Postal Service.
Turn off my wemo plug socket now.
that is of no importance for me, olly.
What movies are showing in cinema today
I have multiple meeting today, remind in 30 minutes interval before the start of each meeting.
clarify me about that once again.
Pull up my shopping list.
Please play Top Country.
change the genre from rock to classic
Please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to New York
Go to the Washington post website
turn on the roomba for me
Tell me something I can do to help my community today ?
Remove calender events
Send tweet to Walmart saying i had an unpleasant experience
start the vacuum at 9am.
Does Bob live in France
I want to know more about the upcoming Commonwealth Games.
whats was the value of x if x+2 = 5
Who's the singer?
Tell me the today'd date
PDA set this date to repeat reminder
Please continue playing Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz.
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
What's the best day next week to go out for pizza?
bad that's not what i said.
its very dangerous one
Book me a train ticket to...
its ok
Olly recommend some local shops to me.
Please remove dinner date scheduled for this Friday at 9pm.
can I know what I have to do the next Saturday at 6 pm?
Boiled.
that's all, just stop.
How much is the dollar worth in Canada?
Current exchange rates for UK pound
Play Football news from RadioOne
How much Indian Rupees per USD today?
i am sorry but you have gotten me incorrectly.
thanks but you have got it incorrect.
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to soccer practice on Friday, April 21st at 1190 Whale Avenue, New York, NY, 11292.
What alarms have been set for me?
Set a reminder for an hour from now about the chickens
you are star, thank you.
PDA: Turn off the porch light
Respond to Graham and let him know that I will be free tomorrow.
will you shut down please.
what time is it in the other time zones
s2, i am unclear about what you said.
Tell me what day of the week it is.
PDA, what the sexiest food to cook on a date?
Any update on the topic X.
Delete the scheduled meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
If i was in the eastern time zone, what time would it be
hollywood
Did I get an email today?
can you help me find the answer to this question?
PLEASE TELL WHO INVENTED TELEPHONE AND WHAT IS THE DATE?
At what age Michael Phelps got married?
aib podcast on kashmir,start it.
Any signs of rain?
i am angery
turn off audio
Play Body by Thao Nguyen
Where is fiji?
Searching information online
yeap great.
Get the weather forecast for this week please.
what appointments do I have between 1:00 pm till 3:00 pm
Is it going to rain?
next episode of NYT podcast
shit, you gave me not right information.
really i wouldn't mind.
Play running list
What is the temperature today
will you rephrase me more on what you have just said please.
i don't catch up with you.
What's the one night with Paris?
Write an email about next week weather to my wife
book a taxi for me
what time zone is in cuba?
Please play music.
How many ounces are in a cup?
can you start over please.
What is the answer to 2 times 3?
Save this song in my favorites.
Olly, what movies are playing tonight at 9 pm at the AMC 9?
did I get any replies from Jan?
when is john's birthday?
Make it brighter in here
turn the light off
What are you reading lately?
What do they have going on at young circle this week?
i want to replay to Allen
anything going on in los angeles
you did good work, thanks.
Please turn my speakers on, Google.
Schedule a meeting with Brian Billings for 2:30 PM on Friday.
latest news on cars
Start sync
PDA, Do all my chores so I can take a nap.
Turn up the brightness of the lights.
tweet british airways that my last flight from Chicago to London was delayed
please play station X on the radio.
Turn up the volume.
you have got it correcly.
What day of the week does the 25th July fall on?
Please send the new intern an email.
turn off socketname
find me a recipe for <unk>
I want to order Chinese takeout.
it's helpful, thank you.
wouldn't really care.
Give me options for Indian carryout under $30.
Turn off the tv in room3
Daily, Monthly, or Yearly event if necessary.Choose the interval between events.
Where can I get something to eat by the art museum?
will you please check detail.
Save all songs from Katy perry
check my calendar for today
What causes if I had junk food and alcohols
Please see what you wrote for this question.
Describe what a morel mushroom looks like.
appreciate the response.
i would not really know.
What is the weather in Paris?
start spider
Tell me when i have a work meeting coming up?
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
Olly, how much is a stock of Apple worth?
Hey Olly, today i was fired from my job.
give me today's market trends for <unk>
Alexa, I want to check Julia's available dates, so would you send her mail and ask about it?
Will I need to shovel my driveway this morning?
Please check my Gmail for new mail
will it be cold tomorrow
i finished my to do list
list current scheduled events
do i have any remainder next sunday
Send a reply to my friend for his question
What is scheduled for today?
I want some stock on nintendo
Continue reading Moby Dick to me.
please read me the last news from Boston tribute
Set the time
Tell me the weather in Shanghai
Let me know aboutthe new emails.
How cold is the weather right now?
yes you have gotten it exactly.
Resume jaiho song audiobook
i like you check the detail please.
searching on holidays in my location
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
i am sorry but it is not right.
Remind me to start the crock pot at 2:00 PM
I need some ideas for dinner that are Mexican.
PDA what time is the Cantonese Dog Festival?
Send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
Can you make a red shade of light in the living room?
Please let me know about my aniversary
Favorite places to eat
Delete lunch tommorrpw
upcoming events information
Olly, please make me a coffee using the coffe machine
would you explain more on your response to me.
Give me the birth details of Abraham Lincoln
Please add this song to work out playlist
can you confirm that please.
what's next on the list?
yeap you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
Weather in Paris
please can you stop it.
What US state is farthest north?
love to jake for financial support
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
5:00
I would like coffee now
Send email to Robert.
no, it is not what i just requested.
PDA, do I have any emails from John in the last week?
Cortana, please turn the lights up.
Olly please remind me about Valia's wedding two days before
it does not really matter for me, olly.
can you tell how many hours of difference are between  Boston and los Angeles?
whats that object about?
I want to make a note on my calendar for the event tommorow at the library
s2, what you said now is not clear to me.
speak what i have just said one more again.
punjabi
talk to you later on.
What is the time in the Eastern timezone?
Lower the lights in Bedroom 2
Set an alarm for Thursday at 7 PM.
check for the color requirement
how long do I boil a hard boiled egg, alexa?
can you please check what i just said.
What time is my doctor appointment on March 31st?
Is it raining in Chicago today?
What are the local concerts tonight?
Kitchen Light off
What's going on with ....
I would like to know the latest from NBC news.
Is it true that Asia has only two countries?
88.9 FM please
Pull up the complaint website for Starbucks.
When this song ends, play Hotel California.
Weight loss
explain more on your answer please.
olly could you shut down.
Delete my alarm for 8am
May I know what is trending in Facebook?
oh it's great job.
i wouldn't know.
yes you've understood that right.
driving time to Los Angeles
Could you change the volume
Please activate my vacuum to clean the living room?
Tell my meetings for tomorrow morning.
Set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at 5:00PM
What is the exchange rate between $500 USD I'm fraancs?
please search for dining tables
How many children does Sandra Bullock have?
PDA delete last entry
What is the definition for this object
check my laptop is working
anything will be good with me, olly.
What does the title of the Leo DiCaprio movie mean?
THIS PRODUCT NEVER USE
Start the robotic vacuum
How large is Alaska?
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
What degree is it outside?
it was helpful, thank you so much.
how many pages long is harry potter
mahaboobsayyad@gmail.com
Check email sent by Contact
PDA please play this game
Set a Thanks Giving event for Friday
what are the train times from San Francisco to New York
s2, i don't get your words.
What's June's address nowadays?
Please send an email to <email address>
Turn the living room's light off
that's enough, cancel.
how its come to us
Please start the radio.
Where is the concert of Amjad ali taking place
i am sorry but i think that is not the right answer.
send this emai to reply to the latest emails
s1, please could you elaborate once again.
what you have said is not so clear.
Olly Today I lost my phone.
What time will I arrive In Austin, TX?
How long has Princess Kate been pregnant?
create a new list of ....
What time is Bina going live with her sale on Facebook?
Olly make coffee at 6am
turn off smart plug socket
get me a stock price of audi.
check all new emails in my inbox
Turn the lights off in my bed room.
How do you define it.
Is 23 december sunday
that's enough, just stop.
oh no, you've done a task in wrong manner.
Cancel the tomorrow's meeting from my calender
wouldn't mind, olly.
Does it fall a sunday on 5th december?
What is the weather supposed to be like this week?
Add in my calendar an appointment at 2pm on friday.
Alexa, email my appointments to reschedule
s2, didn't get that.
shit, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Can you reply to Charlotte that I am going to be busy with the projects for next three weeks?
Remove a list of things to buy
ah that's nice one.
tweet 'im complaining about...' to consumer serrvice
play edm music
Has John sent me an email?
i am sorry.
olly set meeting at 7pm
oh no, i didn't say this.
what you have said was not so clear.
please confirm my last question.
What events are on this month's schedule?
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
you've got your understanding correcly.
Check my email for new emails during the last hour
Narendra mody
What does animal mean
Event
Olly, can you begin the brew?
Ordering food
Can you play my Favorites playlist.
what list I have for today
Where is the car?
What's happening in news express
What are the contents on my list?
Olly, remove standup on Friday at 10am
What movie should I see?
play my mashup
PDA: What did I put down already on the Walmart list?
What music is playing now on 99.9 cm.
Is 13 november marked as holiday
Parenting
s2, i did not quite catch that.
i think you did that in wrong manner.
Olly could you get John's email address for me
Please recommend a movie
check what i last said please.
Please give me the wnning lottory numbers for this weekend.
choose that music player
Whats on my list  agenda for the time being
Save email for later
How much is $5.00 in Philippine peso?
thanks for this information.
Set reminder for 7 am for the City Team Meeting.
Turn on the radio.
Order some takeaway food
whatever is ok for me.
weather in home town
Google save all the songs I have listened to more than once.
Olly book a ticket to Paris on eurostar at 5pm this friday
Please organize a meeting with my co-workers
don't mind.
stop, i think you don't get me.
I want to know what time it is.
if I have $20 in japanese money what does it equal to in american currency alexa
Open Derek's contact information
Please delete x
wonderful job, you've done well.
File Downloading
i want to do laundy at 8pm, create reminder
Would you please notify me about the event in my calendar
Show me my last 2 emails
Send Ashmit his latest tech topics available.
Repeat the last message
hmm, you gave me wrong information.
Please arrange to wake me up at 3.00 am alarm
sorry but you did not get answer right.
yeap right response.
Turn off smart socket
resume my audiobook where we paused last
that is useful, appreciated, olly.
Email the message Hi come down for dinner tonight to Bro
Olly, what are some highly rated restaurants in this area?
get city cab here to airport
Give me the details on purchase order
is it wednesday
What is the value of pound in Rupees?
Put my brother's birthday in my calendar for July 4th.
Skip to the next episode of this podcast.
riddles
Do I have any mail
Turn on my plug.
Call China Wok.
clarify me further on last sentence please.
tell me the time in Canberra
could you check that.
make me laugh
Post that I am going to Woodland shoe store
thanks but you don't get the answer correctly.
set an alarm for 1pm
I will require full cover jacket if it is too stormy in evening
Tune into my selected station
Visit metronorth.com to help me purchase train tickets
could you check the details.
Describe the list contents
post 'hey everyone' on FB
can you get me a cup of coffee please
play some David bowie
What is going on on December fourth?
Please respond.
Send a tweet to Samsung saying my washer is not working.
can you explain me further on what you just said.
Repeat the current song.
Please play Candle in the Wind.
Book my Chair class AC train ticket from Manhattan to New York.
Remind me of Rita's birthday 24 hours in advance
can you check and confirm it.
This event needs to be deleted
What are the scores from last night's hockey games.
whats the schedule for today
What's the latest joke?
send to the contact an email as follows:
Is it going to be hot in two hours?
is it gonna rain
please modify the command.
you made a wrong answer.
reduce brightness
got me incorrectly.
remove three o'clock meeting from the schedule today
Is it too warm to wear my wooly sweater today?
Turn the lights down in the living room
Send email to mom saying Happy birthday
you have done that perfectly.
set a reminder to <unk>
world news
what reminders do i have currently
are there any construction areas on Harvard?
play latest reason podcast
what is <unk> u. s. d. in euros
hmm, this is not what i asked.
Read out my list for today.
send reply to name
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
refresh this complaint.
NOTE DOWN THIS EVENT ON MY CALENDAR.
What is Apple's current stock price?
where I can find xxxx
will you please shut off.
Add grocery shopping to today's to-do list.
what is the highest temperature of delhi
What time can I pick up my food?
say again please.
Tweet at United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
create a new list of my pending bills
it was nice one, thank you very much.
What an umbrella means?
Show me the list of pending meetings.
Google find and play Florida Georgia Line the one with Nelly.
remind me to brush my teeth at three thirty
Please remove the alarm set for Wednesday called kickball.
Send to Jane only help
DAY AFTE DAY TOMAROW WILL CONDUCT ALL MEETINGS
What are your thoughts on the difference between the philosophers Nietzche and Focault?
Please alert me a day before Jeff's birthday.
Access recipe book please?
yeah wonderful response to command.
Is there any event today in my calendar?
Give me the stock price of Sony
Do I have anything planned for January 19th at 2 pm?
what is the current weather in miami
train schedule for today
what did <unk> today
it doesn't matter to me, olly.
Can you shut everything down?
Take me to Layfayette St and Canal.
If I have 5USD how much is that in AUD?
Convert 500USD to Rials
yashas bithday with vinay ,vally
yeah you've got that perfectly.
Repeat last message
It complements the information in Drive Safe: A handbook for Western Australian road users by providing a practical guide to the driving skills, experience, good driving habits and attitudes that learner drivers need to develop.
PDA make a status stating I got the promotion.
what's the latest news from BBC?
set an alarm 40 minutes from now
Give me the definition of the word fondle
that is unimportant with me, olly.
Do I have a 2pm appointment
How is the traffic in Broadway street?
Please show me detail of prvious played song.
please elaborate once again to me.
get me details of this person
PDA: Add this song to my playlist
email message to address
Find John Smith in Contacts
Save email id
where is the closest movie theater in columbia s.c.
to Chris, write following content
What time do I have appointments today?
Can you repeat this event?
Is it 10:00?
Tweet on the bad service
Set an alarm for time
BRIGTEN THE LIGHT AT 70 PERCENT
What are the showtimes for Logan at the nearby theatre
Reming me tonight to pick up my dry cleaning at 8pm.
Do I need my scarf and mittens?
will you remind me of my gym class on my calendar one hour before
Could you please tell me whats in my schedule at 8 tonight?
Define computer
Continue from where we left off in Divergent.
12AM REMOVED 2PM SET
Cricket/live scorecards
yes got your understanding exactly.
explain further please.
have John join me on the 10th at the 5th floor meeting
Hey, lets just talk
Can you tell me the times the train leaves for Chicago?
What time is it in Chicago?
What is latest gossip of Hollywood going on?
In delhi traffic level is more
Could you please email John saying I'm on Leave
New email message, to Robert Peck, Late from work, send
Turn off the bathroom light
The sun is shinning bright, will we have this weather for the rest of the day?
PDA: I just added Bob's News, anything new there?
Tell taxi to pick me up at 4pm.
does not really matter.
Aroma
Find a taxi to go home
Do I have anything else scheduled today?
Switch off lights
I cant hear a thing
What do you look like?
let's do it again please.
what is the capital of China
Can you tell me what an X is?
Can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow?
Olly start coffee at 6am
check it.
Tell me what is on the list
play my playlist 'party songs'
Open Google Calendar. In the My calendars section, click the down arrow that appears when you hover over your calendar, and select Reminders and notifications from the drop-down.
What is the news this morning
Find the meaning of promise.
How old is Dolly Parton?
What kind of weather should I expect this week?
add new items in the remainder list
Enter atdfd@yahoo.com into my contact list
PDA office lights off
Please Find a contact number of Rahul Judawa.
no, that's not what i wanted.
PDA: I want some music, how about playing my workout playlist
I want to listen some music, play a radio station
Add running to my calendar for thursday.
define yourself in one word.
PDA please add new item to list
cut red peppers from groceries
I want to know more about the fair this weekend.
Add an event starting at 3 PM in Goshen, New York on May 5th for Dan's Graduation.
play back in black
tell me why bill bur is a better comedia than iliza schleshinger PDA.
What meetings occurred between january 1 and january 12
No, no, turn it down!
Please play next episode
Book me a Uber for tomorrow night at 6 pm.
what is a sloth
will you please further elaborate it.
thank you very much for your asssistance.
What is the current value of 10k yen in american money?
yeah exact response to the command.
Please add event in calendar
Play I am a survivor by destiny's child.
show timings
confirm the detail please.
oops, i think that was not the right command.
Play all songs from blue genre
what did you say in the last conversation.
Olly what ingrediants do I need to make Lobster Bisque
i want to hear what you have said again.
Brighten the lights on the front porch
Remind me on monday at 2PM to have a meeting with Andrew.
Search cost for Amtrak Luxury to Los Angeles
what is the biggest city in new hampshire?
what were the first number of email subjects I got today?
Open the local news app.
I had a problem with my burger can you tweet BK
PDA, make the lights blue in here.
that is unimportant with me.
Dollar rupees exchange rate
please would you repeat that.
Adjust the light
Describe the general topography of central park.
please could you repeat.
Play the last podcast I listened to.
Remind me of the meeting on tuesday
Tell me what's happening next Thursday.
Reply to Sarah's email.
Please remind me to go to the post office.
show latest news
What do I have to do next?
Add slected song
PDA please confirm the weather for the 13th of this month.
Play Rummy
Please remind to get donuts for the meeting
play The Weeknd
dammit, you gave me wrong information.
Notify me one hour before my meeting.
How's the weather like in New Jersey
What is the definition of Problematic?
i did not say that.
send a replay email
It's dark in the living room.
what is a good Iranian film from 2016
Olly, Do i need to wear gloves today?
Confirm a movie ticket at Glory theater
don't let me forget to <unk>
Actor who acts a role
Clean the floor, please
let's try what i've just said one more time again please.
post this to my facebook, 'lol'
Please update the status of pending reminders.
how old is jennifer garner
i am not so clear about your answers.
place alarm at 5 o'clock morning
what is definition of plot
Pull up all outgoing emails from yesterday.
What reminders do I have set?
New event, breakfast meeting, WM Mason Room, 9am
list emails for last hour
How to cook yellow rice
mp3 play artist
Help is to be sent only to jane
Should I bring warm clothes?
Put Summer Lovin' in 3rd position in my queue.
i wouldn't really mind.
Tell me what is on my grocery list for this week.
Olly you have to check out Kfix he's the best
i am sorry but this is not the correct command.
How long will it take to get to the airport
Can you put on the Chuck Palhunik audio book?
Volume Control
Alexa, I want to remove the wedding function on saturday
delete list
Please start the podcast
please can you tell me that word said once again.
What is the economic policy of trump
yes the command is confirmed.
Do I need a hat?
Olly, please set today as vini's birthday for each calendar year
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN OBJECTS FROM LAST
i dont need light.
Please play the notebook audio
it's fantastic job, olly.
Put my dinner at Red lobster on the calendar for today at 9.
What are the latest news?
Did I receive any new Email
Hey olly read any new email to me
tell me that command one more again please.
Did you change the wallpaper?
Open Davinci Code audiobook
i will talk to you later on.
Please talk softer.
Please clear out my calendar completely.
Who has sent me an email in the past week?
Can you please give me John's email?
Drop (sender) a line
Add my doctor appointment for the 15th.
s1, would you please explain me about that again.
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
delete item from list
Schedule and appointment with Mike for next Thursday morning.
Set up a newlist with the following
Check mail.from jack
Ok Google, tweet what a jerk the owner is at the gas station
s2, i can not quite catch up with you.
complain for cheating
bing directions
change status
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Canadian Dollar
I would like to listen to music on the radio.
what else is on the list
volume check
search on his interests
what time is it right now in new york
How many GBP can I get for one dollar?
add a lunch with mike
fantastic job, you have done well, olly.
yeah got that perfectly.
Change this time to IST
To which event can I go in Milan now?
Play anything new from my podcast subsciptions
I want to listen to the Beatles Greatest Hits.
weather this week
you do not get what i asked.
play gaga playlist
Don't talk until I ask you to
Create new list for Brilliant Ideas
turn on shuffle
it is of no importance with me.
remove alarm if any
describe a romantic love
how the weather today
Find the residential address of Tom Hanks.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE EXCHANGE RATE FOR USD TO INR
what time is it Eastern
start playlist and play music
Look for Irene and play it
i don't really bother.
What is a caftan?
Remind me a week before my credit card payment is due.
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
show me my list
Turn this room's light off
your age
where are you from?
define xy
how bad is the traffic near the airport?
Set new alarm on 5 am
Purchase ticket to New York City on train.
Call a call for me to where I am currently located.
Hey,turn the volume high.
Schedule an event in my calendar for the pool party at Jack's place this Saturday.
please confirm last thing said.
will you check and confirm that please.
Give me the age of Chuck Norris.
Play Pride an Prejudice.
note this event to my calender
I don't understand this question, but...  What's it like in there?
Today I searched all over for my phone and couldn't find it Olly.
i think you did not get this correctly.
Where is the hottest desert located
will you speak one more time again.
Any Mail from Amazon today?
Please on the music
can you play m3 file
nice job, you have done well, olly.
Please check my E-mails and notify me if exists any new E-mail.
didn't understand your answers.
PDA please check recent emails from new contact
Are there any concerts this week?
i want to sleep
What is the price of Ford Stock?
I had a bad day today.
What's on my list to do today?
1980's rock
Explain Bob Dylan
open subway surfers
how do I get to starbucks
Who have emailed me recently and what are the subjects of each email?
Can I get some background music?
olly please would you stop.
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
repeat please.
How long does it take to get the train from Rome to Paris?
I need to find a gift.  What stores are within a 1 mile radius?
olly that's enough, stop.
Notify me when Joshua emails me
Open Audible and continue playing the book that I was listening to.
Tell me the direction to Miami from Chicago.
Tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job.
please remind me of going to gym every Monday morning on Sunday night
Any breaking news?
PDA look up meal recipe
security devices to robotic vacuum cleaners to Internet-enabled refrigerators
Change that off the list
Show me the path of nearest railway station.
i do not really care.
remember <unk>
Book a ticket for me on a train to get to Boston tomorrow, what is available?
PDA please fill out a complaint form for me
Switch light to lowest level in dining area
Check for any new emails, Google.
Is there any alarm active?
What is the name of song?
make a complaint to target
thanks for your helping, olly.
I need to create a new to do list.
Olly,  I went to the grocery store today
i think the response was incorrect.
White
start new list
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @scapingyards you missed the entire side of the left patio when you pressure washed
get me resume of newest release audio-book
away off or take off a specific calender event
s1, please once again explain to me.
play me song my travel playlist
check emails from gary for last hour
start angry bird
recollect nextweek GM's meeting
Make coffee at three.
set up an alarm clock at 1pm
Play my shuffled playlist, please.
How to cook Spaghetti?
s1, please rephrase more on your response.
delete next event
Find me a ride to the mall of America please
oh no, i think you didn't understand me.
Olly pause for ten seconds
Call me an Uber to the movie theater
s2, i was unclear about it.
Delete my shopping list
Turn on the vacuum.
What's the weather next Wednesday?
Can you please add an item to my grocery list?
Please add oranges to my grocery list.
How many alarams are set?
you did great work,.
What is the purpose of life?
PDA name: whats the meaning of life
Please restart the Handmaid's Tale
repeat birthday
buy a train ticket
Could you play this song XXX for me please?
Set alarm of every Tuesday of march month morning 8 a. m.
Automatically enter me into every free sweepstake for which I am eligble for around the globe at all times. Prioritize those with cash prizes.
list out  my schedule today.
List out the upcoming meeting
stop, that is not the right response.
what's the change in best buy stick.
I bought pre-season baseball tickets.
please check and confirm what said.
How is the weather likely to be this week?
Please play (specific station) radio station
locate nearby dining places
Can you book an uber tomorrow?
Please Send an email to toms principal in regards to the meeting we have tomorrow.
play hip hop playlist
Make New List
Is it worth driving 10 miles from here to save money on gas?
would you again elaborate please.
What time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
Start chapter 7 of Alma
s2, i am not so clear about what you have just said.
Make a new list for me, please.
get me the latest episode of the ____ podcast
whats the traffic density in NH8?
how many emails have i got since yesterday
weather in Chicago please?
what is the capital of france
Set a reminder of birthday of jack on 15th march
It was a tough day today.
Can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in West Philadelphia?
Make the house lights amber at 6PM
start fm 109
maximum kilometer to delivery
do not care, olly.
I want to hear rock.
s1, please will you rephrase further on what you have said.
again rephrase what you just said now please.
what concerts are due nearby?
Find the nearest Uber
will you try that statement you said one more again please.
I need to be reminded to do something on the 31th
Use in a sentence.
Tell me what time it is right now
Please update my grocery list with1 gallon of 2% milk.
Define: computer(word)
Who is the Prime Minister of Russia
What does word mean?
Olly, next episoade in the podcast please
Alexa, please play the Broods
Lower the lights in the living room.
Lyrics
Send an email to Peter and ask him how is he now. Can I do something to help him.
alexa make an event reminder for a meeting with mona on tuesday
would you cancel it please.
ask my adviser
olly i need a drink
please correct your mistakes.
personal data assistants
further explain me on your response please.
What is the best movie to watch this weekend.
PDA, learn that when I say Mom, I mean Giselle Adams.
Set a new alarm for that time
PDA can you create an email for me.
How many songs did Michael Jackson write?
Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
Delete all my events for tomorrow
Set a reminder for my meeting at 5:00pm
Olly, please read me my current lists.
Olly I need to know if I have any new reminders?
At what time is my alarm set?
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
PDA can you create a sugar free diet for me and create a shopping list for the ingredients.
will you tell me one more again.
lady gaga
could you please check and confirm details.
yeah you have done your understanding right.
yes it's confirmed.
Send me a wake up alert at 7:00 am tomorrow morning.
Can you find my lists?
turh the music lower
can you book a train ticket for me under $100
I think I can travel the whole world in a day
Current Events
Current time please.
Please start the coffee pot
pls add a birthday party on saturday evening
put picture on facebook
will you check what i just said.
I need an email sent to the following email address <insert address here> can you do that for me please?
Cancel my 7am alarm
Send an email to my boss.
Rate this song five stars and save the rating.
Can you get me a taxi home?
Play Summer Lovin' next.
Can you shut off my bedroom light?
any one will be ok with me, olly.
please could you check question.
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
Tell me the highest mountain in the world``
how if iron made?
Am I gonna need rain boots?
hmm, this is not what i am searching for.
Remind me to make a pizza tomorrow morning
What is my list?
Add meeting with all employees on March 20 at 9 AM
What will be the weather on Monday this week
Remember that I need to turn in my math assignment tonight by 11
what do I need to remind for this afternoon?
Alert me in three hours
Are the Falklands in South America?
Book a train for 22 March at 12pm
Ok Google, tweet the service at Moe's Diner is terrible
What is the date and time for today?
Robots
When is my dentist appointment?
Is the Farmers Market open this weekend in Iowa?
Delete my todo list.
Book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow.
how is the traffic now
I would like it if my PDA could do my work for me.
COULD PLAY PROGRAM IN REQURIED OF THE
Suggestions for future
get me news.
bbc breaking news
open the recent mail of Allen and replay for it
Please add johndoe@yahoo.com to my contact list.
Give me the  opening stock price of Infosys Technologies today
What time is it now in the Eastern timezone?
Will it rain tomorrow in Miami
shut off.
how will my drive me
pls add list of friends to invite for the party
Play music from my EDM playlist.
what new emails do I have form Amie.
Play me John's podcast.
great job, you've done well, olly.
please would you check the detail.
time zone between india and US
Do I have new emails from John
Give me best cooking ideas
How is the weather?
What' the weather going to be in NYC next week
Can you tell me my appointments for this week?
Lights on!
What is the answer to (specific question)?
I want to listen to classical music
pls turn on my door lock
What's the current exchange rate for the euro against USD?
Have i need to take a sun glass ?
Is the coffee ready
tell me pizza restaurants close by.
yeap answer was good.
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about late shipment
you are the best, musch appreciated, olly.
What is the least tornado-prone state in the entire US?
When and where is June's birthday party?
Meaning of enthusiastic
Is there email id of John in the list.
is there any special in politic
make an alert for my birthday
Turn the smart plug on
did you get my last question correctly?
Don't let me forget I have a Parent-Teacher conference this Monday at 4:00 pm.
olly that's all, just cancel it.
please show me weather on monday
would you check my last question please.
What do pink ribbons support?
How did steve irwin die
Tell me about the sports stadium
whats around, PDA.
What would you look like if you were a real human being?
open grocery list and add milk
Play Spotify
it's wonderful work.
oh no, not right.
hmm, not correct response.
will you say the last phrase said one more time please.
Turn off the bathroom lights
play a jazz.
who won the sports game last night.
could you check and confirm the details please.
would you stop.
How many children does David Beckham have?
How tall is Trevor Noah?
Generate fresh list.
sorry but i think it is not the right answer.
give a pleasant sound
tell me your last words said one more time again please.
Start Cnady Crush.
select radio menu
Tell me the nearest location.
refer top reviewed live band show near me
get me a taxi.
With all of the information you can gather on the internet could you please provide me with the best probable explanation of who killed President Kennedy.
Olly, I'm starving  whats good to eat in cincinnati
Do you think it will be okay to wear shorts this week?
Ok Google! Show me all the french bistros near me
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow 1 hour before
Post a Facebook status update
Search my emails with subject including work hours
What is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
Do I have any reminders pending?
Siri, what does Jon Snow's handsome face look like?
Set an alarm for tomorrow, Monday at 8am
it's good, thank you.
uh no, you gave me not right information.
open the XYZ news app
tryout in blog sites
Olly, open alarm and create an alert for ten a.m.
be mute
no, i did not ask for this response.
I want a PDA not only to direct me to an internet site, but actually answer any given question
What time zone is Arizona in?
Do I have a meeting today?
remind me for tomorrow interview
when is the next appointment
When did Prince start singing?
you did the task all wrongly.
List shops in Douglasville GA
How long do I need to cook a brisket for it to be medium.
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
current world news
Save all of my preferences information specific to songs.
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
Find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
Do you have feelings?
Shuffle this playlist.
its peaceful
Please play songs of Arijit Singh.
Give me the status on my available memory.
Put on a playlist of Danish music.
whats the current time at newyork.
get that exactly.
I want the light to be a little more red-ish.
Note current song as awesome please.
or you can email to my sister and ask her how that weather is it in California?
How do you pan-sear a Porterhouse steak?
What will be the weather today afternnon
any new mail
I want to hear my favorite jas music genre
can i get takeaway from Arby's
get rid of item on the list
Tell me some business news.
have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
What is the exchange rates in this region
put a mail to sandy
couldn't understand your answers.
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the command right.
read abut the latest new about this world
Find an Uber on 29th St.
I need an alarm.
can you explain once again.
Olly, describe the Empire State building.
when was this song first recorded?
thanks for doing that, olly.
What's the meaning of Rumplestiltskin?
browsing centres
appreciated, that's wonderful job.
check email for new messages
Save the email to my contact
Order a latte from Starbucks.
that's awesome work, thank you very much.
write a tweet of complaint about my TV to Samsung
check if any new emails came from {contact}
Add a new email
do i have any reminders today
Tell me about medieval war engines.
that is correct.
uhh no, that's not what i was searching for.
exchange rates between dollar and euro
Check time of kalka train From jodhpur station on monday
Can you get me train ticket prices, please?
speak what you've said once again.
please will you reset.
Which events my Facebook friends will be attending
Open Spotify and play personal channel.
Make me laugh, I want to hear a joke.
any one would be fine to me.
Only 99.9 FM is to be played on the radio
PDA, post to Facebook: at the spa, yay!  With a smiley face emoticon.
Tweet for me the complaint about potholes on road
no, i think you've done a task all in wrong manner.
What is the breaking news at MSNBC?
google train tickets to washington dc
oops, that's not the right response.
start vacuum cleaner
Please play some Lady Gaga.
How do I get to church?
tell me comparison between trump and putin
Can you tell me on tuesday to give Jane a call?
Brighten the lights please
Add all RRCG events in March to my calender
brighten the light of hall
New twitter message
Olly play Believer
Please delete bananas from my shopping list.
Please set the alarm for next Friday at 6:30 am
let's try the last word spoken one more again please.
which country's have a border to India
Play Ringcast, the podcast
tweet to papa johns about getting a cold pizza
i want you to confirm the detail please.
Is the road a free way or a toll road.
nope, i did not say this.
amazing.
check on the delivery of my current order
olly could you stop.
send voice email
will you further elaborate me on it please.
What's my stock fluctuations?
Please, turn off the lights
Increase light intensity.
Tell me when obama was born
What is latest controversy on Donald Trump.
set the volume higher
yeap it's correct.
Tell me when I should leave for a scheduled event so that I am on time.
give me the news update from BBC
Did my mom send me an email?
Set alarm of only monday morning 6 a. m.
can you again rephrase me on your answers.
Olly, what are we doing today with ourselves.
Could you harvest the crops in farmvile?
tell me how Brexit is going to affect EU citizens in the long and mid terms
Christian rock from 1990 upwards only should be selected and played.
play a song from my favourites.
eminem
Ok Google! bring up google calendar please add event for may 5th
Tweet my current location.
Convert the American dollar to the EU euro.
did you get it correctly?
let's try what you said one more time again please.
date today?
any one is good, olly.
hashtag...loving this weather..post to twitter.
New calendar event for albert's marriage
Have any jokes?
Olly, why is Donald Trump the president of the United States, and how do we get him kicked out of office?
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
Is there a way to pull up information about a contact?
could you play You DOn't Bring me Flowers
What do I have to do tomorrow?
What is that song playing in the background?
Olly will it be nice on Saturday?
I would like to listen to howard stern on 97.9 fm
Whats it like in chicago, PDA?
Today was a very hectic day
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
what's on my agenda?
Do I have any new Facebook notifications?
What's happening today?
could you explain me further on your answers please.
it was awesome, thank you so much.
can you play music by pink floyd?
could you tell me one more time please.
Nanotechnology
current forex rates
Let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together.
Play every praise.
appreciate your asssistance.
Send answer to George.
i do not bother.
Play Blackeyed pees song
Did Sara tried to call me?
s1, please clarify me about this further.
What is happening this weekend?
olly could you just cancel it please.
Decrease, 20%
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Canada?
Get a me a train ticket to Milwaukee from Chicago on Sunday morning.
What is up in my schedule today?
I wish to listen that radio channel
make the light more brighter
Delete the first item on the list
s2, i can't quite catch that.
find events in local area
check for new email
Can you give me a weather report.
Tell me about current status of Sunderland vs Liverpool match. How is the performance of Liverpool in this match?
you got that right.
Give me a traffic update.
Have I received any emails from Beth?
wheres the closest sainsbury's
power <unk> on
Clear my day on the 29th.
Which was that Coldplay song I listened to yesterday evening? Can you play it again?
that's not correct.
i am in the mood for some classical music
Olly play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
Remind me daily at 11 AM for meeting with boss
Add repeating event on Saturday on 7 am named cinema time
I think Dean Obidallah is on the radio around now?
i think that's not right command.
hmm, i did not say this.
Can I order take out from Licari's ?
Tell me the best recipes for a given dish.
will you please check and confirm the detail.
Open my twitter account and tell sams club they made my cake order delicious
play BBC radio four please
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
Select the R&B playlist from the 90's please.
replay the last said please.
can you put Sunday hockey class in my calendar as recurrent event?
Please brighten the lights
which date is today
Let's listen to a playlist.
Open Pandora and search for a classic rock station.
What film should I watch
could you please check the last thing said.
Resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter I started.
let me know when you hear about france.
is it going to rain tomorrow?
What's 13+14?
retry what you've just said please.
i can not quite catch that.
Remember dinner on Thursday at Bistro Italia.
Google this. How much Vitamin C is in a carrot.
Olly, anything else left on the list?
What times may I travel to Location A?
play classical music playlist
Update on international women's day
you've done it correctly i appreciate it.
would you do it again please.
Am I going to need to bring an umbrella to work today?
What is Barack Obama doing right now?
Do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in my area?
Are there any emails in regard to my promotion?
How many work contacts are in my phone book?
Can you list off the top ten singles this week?
May you please pull up information about a contact?
what time is it in denver?
Please give me update of Hockey
Show me train tickets
Start up the coffee machine.
I'd like to email Mary and ask if she wanted to meet up after work at TGI Friday's.
show reminders
Could you please schedule a meeting with this person
i do not really mind for whatever, olly.
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
I dont want to carry an umbrella, will we have rain today?
What does a geranium look like?
What mail do I have?
March 1 is Susan's birthday, right?
Cortana, increase the brightness of the lights.
Show me the top rated podacasts
REPLAY THE MUSICS
i have no idea for which to select.
Pawel, prepare the meeting with XXX
can you try the last one you just said one more time please.
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'G' and create a list.
that's good one, thank you very much.
Set meeting event for afternoon
PDA, Lets send a tweet
What is the definition of organization?
Set a notification for my 12pm meeting 15 minutes before
Please play all songs by Bruno Mars.
i think that's not the correct response.
Please invite Kim, Marc, and Julian to a meeting on thursday at 3pm
train departure
cancel my birthday party
Olly, cut down the volume.
Add my sister visiting to my family calender.
play romantic music in nash fm 92.7
would you shut up.
Is there a possibility of heavy snow this evening?
please check last thing i said.
i need to hear the last spoken again.
Power off.
What lists have I got set up?
Set notification before this event
What day of the week is 25th
let me know if there are any new emails from Callum
one plus two equal ?
hmm, i think wrong.
IS there any unread emails from my contacts
Please play the podcast for me.
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
How many hours difference is there between London and New York?
show me upcoming events in chicago
Should I carry an umbrella with me today?
Play music I have liked
thank you very much, olly.
show me a funny video on youtube
decentralized design
could you speak it one more again please.
delete my doctors appointment this week
Find me the current weather condition.
i want to listen to some gospel music
Check by inbox for me.
What is the boiling point of water?
i'd like you check the details please.
Do I have any meetings scheduled the weekend after next?
Please play Nakumukka song for me
It is 7:00 am in Pacific Standard Time
update alarm
Where is the nearest bookstore?
new item for list
Who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting?
Events, 6:45 today
Make all the lights in the house orange
i helped a poor needy today, Olly
no, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
is the alarm to the backdoor set and ready to go?
How many miles is it from Los Angeles, California to Austin, Texas?
that's amazing, olly.
Play Bilando
Set reminder on calendar for
Pull up Peking Garden online
What year was Chuck Norris born?
Play my favourite podcasts.
Is it going to rain on Saturday?
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
Show me recent emails
I want to listen classical music.
will you remind me to go to hockey class every Sunday afternoon?
In whole india traffic level is very high
you have done it right.
What's the current time in Orlando, FL?
What's it like outside?
if there is event of show then remove it.
Please place my new email address to the contact.
erase my current events from calendar
What events are ongoing today in Biloxi
that was perfect, thank you very much, olly.
what day today
describe me about the new cleaner ,how it works
i would not really mind for anything.
How are my stocks doing today?
You can send the email to abc@gmail.com, this is my new email address
I need a train ticket traveling to New York in May.
olly that's all, cancel.
send mail to john for money
set alarm for noon tomorrow
ABOUT REALITY IN WORLD
What is the current time in Lagos, Nigeria.
that is not the right answer.
I need to set an alarm for next Friday at noon.
will you tell me that once again please.
put on some Coldplay
Is it raining today?
Alexa, spread some lights
PDA play from this point form this audiobook
please double check the instructions to make sure you got it right.
PDA send email to Carl that I will be late for work tomorrow.
i think that's not the correct answer.
Plesae let me know the current time at New York
would like to know about topic X, please tell.
what's the latest news about US election?
Can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at x time every week day?
tweet a complaint to local municipality
doesn't matter with me.
you've done a task all in wrong manner.
Search for new stuff on that subject
Does Pink have a new baby?
Please play Gary's podcast
Show me events in Sacramento
Can you make some coffee?
yes you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
I FAVORITE SINGER IS ARIJIT SINGH, FIND HIS VOICE ON RADIO.
PDA open this program
Please tell me the news.
do it some other way.
s1, please further explain me about the last sentence.
Find a definition
Can you give me details on John?
Repeat album.
Turn off my room lights.
what's on <unk>
Hey Google play some jazz music for me.
Start the audiobook file for where I left off in A Tale of Two Cities.
tweet about cold pizza to papa johns
Who sing We are the world?
Hey PDA what's today?
Play The Jungle Book.
What do you do all day?
how many rupies are in a dollar
Please tell me what day this event reminder is set for.
start play johns audiobook
Echo, have I received any emails from my father?
What's on my list?
Delete my next event
What is the exchange rate of US dollar today for rupee
list nearby shops
play audiobook of arijit singh
s1, again clarify your answers please.
i like you check it please.
could you clarify me on it further.
play snake with me
Should I bring an umbrella with me right now?
launch the rooster teeth podcast
Review all alarms.
What is going on with Obamacare?
please can you confirm it.
add this person's email
CAN TO PLAY CCN NEWS FOR ME?
Are there any new videos on the youtube for New York Times?
Tell me this song
Turn on the vacuum cleaner
I need some details about celebrity X, please assist.
I need two pizzas STAT!
i think this is not right command.
Will I need sunscreen this afternoon?
Please put all the lights
For how much time should I oven pizza to make it perfect crispy.
Tell me if there's any new news on that topic
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
fast
make that song play next up
I would like you to add an email to my contacts.
Listen to the martian from downpour
Play John Fugelsang's show on Serius
What does oscillate mean?
Activate a 1 week notification before my anniversary please.
When was the Bolshoi theatre constructed?
i would like you to check what last said please.
Could you please send back to Pawel this answer
olly talk to you later on.
check and confirm details.
mute the volume.
Repeat schedule.
PDA, tweet to company.
any good drama released recently in the cinema?
PDA is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
hmm, you did a task all in wrong manner.
What shops are near me?
Play me a Radio Drama Podcast
The list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry.
play wuthering heights from where i left off
back one episode
Change my plan, erase my next event
Please give me the latest feed updates.
don't really mind for whatever.
Please speak loud.
KYA TUM MUJHE CNN NEWS SUNA SAKTE HO?
Alexa turn on channel 95.1.
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
you did your understanding perfectly.
jump to next podcast
check and confirm the details.
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow.
Please tweet @PizzaHut I've been waiting for my delivery for 85min now #nothappy
PDA, Tell me the time in this time zone.
reset it please.
What events are happening soon?
Start playing my most recent podcast.
Remember that this is my favorite music.
Add this event to my calender
Wikipedia page about Sean Connery
I need a song to calm me.
have no idea about what to do.
Remind me to get the oil changed
What is the entrapreneur saying about homelessness in the Seattle Times article
Mute yourself until I say otherwise
Can you place the sound on mute?
turn off lighting
i'd like to hear that again.
thank you for your answer.
How many lists do I have?
Disable shuffle
Order 1 burger
s1, would you please elaborate me about your answers once again.
would you rephrase once again to me.
what is the factor that let modi win the election
Math
hmm, i think you have done the task wrong.
It is dark, we need additional lighting, please adjust.
I would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
What is the address of Tara john?
stop, i think it's not the correct command.
Open the internet.
thanks but that is not the right answer.
I need to set up a meeting with Debra for Thursday at 3pm.
would you clarify me on your answer further please.
Check in contacts
please tweet the following complaint
Reply the email of Charles with just thank you, right now
olly can you just stop it please.
What sorta music events can find going on around me
Am I going to a hairdresser tomorrow?
PDA pull up all emails from my friend Cat Vonstaragrabber
I want to see each of my pending reminders.
Whats a good place to eat around Midtown New York?
and the light began
Remove the Santana music list.
Which song am I listening to right now?
get me to my friends list
current politics
i do not really mind to select any one, olly.
What's the latest on Trump's travel ban?
What is the traffic now?
have no idea for which to select.
find a ride to the bar
olly what stuff is going on this weekend in my area
What does this word mean?
Olly, tweet  google customer service  their products are inferior
Remind me of Sarah's birthday three days ahead of time.
should i wear raincoat before getting out.
Set a reminder every day at noon to take medciation.
what alarms are upcoming?
What time is it in London now?
please would you check the instruction.
what I do not like
What is the capital of Washington?
How much money will I make for the week if I make $8.00 per hour and work 20 hours?
tweet esurance and tell them they suck
What movie is this song from?
are there any events coming up
May I know the answer to that question
Give me today's calendar events after 6pm
PLZ REMIND TO SLEEP AT 9 P.M.
What was the latest post?
alexa tell me about bob dean?
List lists
PDA: What are the train times on the 23rd to Clarksville
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
further clarify what you just said please.
I want to make next week's to-do list
thank you for the response, olly.
Weather conditons
Start audiobook again.
What time is it in Central time zone?
olly add tomorrows dinner date to the calendar
Tell me my music likes
Turn up volume
PDA name: alarm 5pm tuesday
cancel all meetings for today
What were the last five lists I made?
Put milk on the shopping list.
Show me more information about this event.
yeap fantastic response to command.
Delete event calendar.
Search earliest trains too Brooklyn, NY weekends and holidays
Alexa, look up Bill ? information.
seems like olly's command was wrong.
Olly, please recommend a restaurant in Seattle.
it seems like your answer was not right.
Start radio and go to frequency on 94.3
Have I gotten any new emails?
Respond to my bosses email with the word that I will be in at 4 in the evening.
could you please rephrase me further on your answers.
I had a lot of meetings today
That song in the background is annoying.
notify me with all events in the next one week
What kind of music do you think I like?
where is the coldest place in the world
Check for me new emails recieved from Sara
Set a reminder for April 7th at 4 p.m.
keep me informed about <unk>
check my last post on facebook
Tell me the exchange rate for the yin
set reminder for meeting....
What's the cheapest marathon to enter within 50 miles of here?
Does this song belongs to the classic
Today I had a meeting with George
Say a joke
Please let me know where David is travelling
What is the temperature?
what is my event schedule tomorrow
what time does the train were on arrive at the next station?
Any new emails?
Would you like to play never have I ever?
it's perfect.
open the profile of Allen from my contact
down the speaker volume at the end of level
what are today's sports news.
Can you see if John has replied to my email yet?
could you tell me it one more again please.
Add Joe Smith to my calendar for today at 1pm
Pause the audiobook.
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
what is the weather like now
you did nice job, thank you.
Facebook
Play Kanye West playlist
shit, i think you've done all wrong.
Add opinion
Send a poor review to this P.F. Chang's Yelp page.
I want to listen to the Bob and tom show
open music player settings
I would like to attend church every Sunday at 11am.
Social media updates
say one more time.
can you add this event with karl?
Save new email addresses to my contacts.
remove apples from my shopping list
Mark my budget meeting down for every Friday at 2.
set a repeating calendar event
Fire in Columbus, Ohio.
could you please check and confirm what i said.
it was nice job, thank you so much.
Can you find and tell me the prices of Facebook stock?
can you again clarify what you've said please.
Show new emails to me
start next podcast
play the most popular bluegrass music
how long should i boil an egg
could you please elaborate me further on your answers.
Clear all events from my calendar.
I need help with cooking baked chicken.
Do I have any new e-mails?
get news from fox news
When is the event?
Olly what will the weather be like on Saturday?
doesn't really matter for me.
Remove all upcoming events please.
how to cook crabs
Please be quiet for the next 2 hours.
set event date in calendar with ohers
turn off the dining room
olly that's enough, stop it.
Tell me the soup of the day at Panera Bread Restaurant
What happened in the world today?
any one will be okay with me, olly.
Can you read the names of my lists of reminders?
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts?
Do not play this song again
yeah fantastic response to command.
can you further explain me on it please.
At what time does the next train leave for Berlin?
who is the artist
this doesn't really matter with me, olly.
Is this song Ed Sheeran?
How old is Joanne
Make this email a new contact.
Give me the news
can you remind me to go to dentist appointment one day before?
How many items are on my to do list?
What is the current traffic situation
Do I have free time next Tuesday to schedule a meeting?
Olly, tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horribe
Please Alexa tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic Narendra Modi
Sharukh khan tweets
can you define conservative politics
you have got my instructions right.
what time is it in someplace?
How do I prepare all my food for cooking?
Between 10pm and 9am all emails received is to be replied to.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Orlando, Florida?
create new event on calendar 'john's birthday'
What time is the function of the play Joy in broadway teather today?
play that last song
Set a reminder to pick up food this Friday.
Do i need a jacket this afternoon
repeat what i've just said please.
set an alarm at 10 tomorrow to remind me a meeting
Set the music volume to 90
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
I need you to remove item s from my list
i will need warm socks in winter in morning
i was not clear about your words.
Do I have new email from work since yesterday?
once again please.
nope, you don't understand what i asked.
oh that was good job.
Olly, what movies are playing this week?
I need a coffee
Could you please create a Pandora channel for Adele
Open The Two Towers and play.
uh no, i think not correct response.
Do I have any events set?
every light of room increase its intensity
What color is a dragon fruit?
please check and confirm details.
play melody songs
please can you rephrase further on what you have said to me.
I need to subscribe to the newspaper.
Tell me if The Olive Garden allows takeway.
Search to find current local time and time zone?
s1, please will you clarify more on your answers.
2nd march neha and i will go on date.
Give me the current date today
What is a good way to make steak?
Tell me about all my events.
what is the current pacific time
Are there are any delays on my commute?
you have understood it perfectly.
Email my boss that I will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting.
What genre of music is in my music folder?
s1, would you please once again rephrase to me.
Play 989 the radiostation
i am sorry but i think you made mistakes.
PDA name: give me my latest email
Olly, do I have an appointment for January the third?
i think not correct response.
Olly, i want to listen to 101.1 the whiz
can you please confirm the detail.
Play some good song from my play list
Can you set the event for monday at 6 at mcdonalds
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
Can you play back to December
If it's midnight in Colorado, what time is it in Munich?
please could you try what you've said once more.
Play my Spotify Dance Play List
What's my upcoming week look like?
Set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
Check email from John
What day of the week is 1st april?
Disable all alarms set for today.
What's the date today ?
emails in the last hour
Book me Golden Taxi for today at 5pm.
please look in to the matter
How old is Rod Stewart?
set the alarm for 7 am every day
look for a joke
play this game with me
Does restaurant have takeaway?
Olly, weather conditions for the next day
i am tired
Please unmute the settings
s1, can you please explain me about what you said now further.
Delete my whole calendar for today.
Get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
Abdul kalam president
Get me the weather forecast of Beijing.
Change moms birthday event to repeat every year on same day
How do I add a new email to my contacts?
Rewind audiobook by 30 seconds
do I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning?
i want more light.
can you please confirm that.
Any new messages?
thanks but that is wrong.
what is ___ +-x etc ____
When is the next warm day?
identify object
repeat marriage day
by get marks
Post that I am going to McDonalds at Manhattan
play radio programm name
yes you have done that exactly.
convert 8:30 from GTM -4:00 to GMT 5:30
What is $20 in Yen?
Turn down the lights to medium
open recurring
any updates from Donald Trump's  tweet feed?
Do I have an appointment next Wednesday at 2?
who is the latest sender?
Does the restaurant have carryout?
PDA turn wemo plug socket off
Remove fruits from the list
thanks but you don't understand me.
Weather, San Antonio, Texas
I need the arrival time for New York train
Is it forecasted to rain in the next two days?
play a game of contra as a second player
I am no longer going to Wyatts birthday party
Can I see the next episode of the podcast?
Please turn on NPR on the living room speaker.
What is the current weather in Denver.
What's going on around me?
How do I braise a pork loin?
Read me new post on my feed
uhh no, you didn't understand what i was searching for.
PDA, Will I need sunscreen later?
please check and confirm my last instruction.
This item should be removed from list
PDA: Add a notification from Bob's news on the weather
olly add new email to Anna
thank you for helping.
let me know about <unk>
Could you please check if I am free on Thursday afternoon? If so, add a reminder to go to the food festival
things to do in my area
adjust the volume
post in pinterest about my new chicken recipe
yes please.
Keep looking for more detailed info on the annual tea party and inform me accordingly.
would you please check it.
Alarm set for time
what is 4 plus 4
Resume Inkheart
tell me a good joke
Tell me what shops are nearby
Can you suggest a good drama for me to watch?
Please make the room brighter.
Fastest route to Turiellos
new emails from a contact
that's cool, appreciated, olly.
Turn on the radio and play channel 106.9
i'd like you to check detail please.
dammit, wrong response.
What does a baguette look like.
Begin Secrets of the Citadel January onne cast
what does 'pda' mean?
what did you mean by saying that.
Indie
send from twitter
open temple run game
What is the name of this song playing right now
add 'valentine's day' with her tomorrow
Make a note, please: I like modern alternative rock music
Tweet complaint to Burger King
PDA: Anything interesting from Bob's News
that is enough, just cancel.
Please play artist first in queue
Radio on
Wemo plug socket off
I want you to play this game for me
What is open late in L.A?
search word synonym
Olly tell me where I can go shopping in this area?
What is happening at that event?
Dim the lights in the living room.
Remind me to order more soap
is there any post from my friend Mike in facebook
what is the weather this friday
start the smart plug
I'd like a cup of coffee please
What is Tom's phone number?
Move to the next episode.
it's great work, i appreciate it.
please make the lights reading friendly
i need you to turn on the radio
thanks but i think you do not understand me.
switch on all the lights
What's the most popular curry place in town?
PDA play Skyfall next
Play my best song
Email my meeting details to my manager
What is laptop
I like to hear 'kuch kuch hotha hai'
PDA, What is a good place for cruise
PDA, please turn on the smart socket.
olly would you please shut down.
will you please clarify again.
Hey Olly, send a meeting invite to Mr. Ross for this Friday's meeting and block my calendar for Friday afternoon.
Activate the wemo plug socket
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
show awards of rihana
send email to Naty
PDA, how do I get to the mall?
would you check and confirm detail please.
Convert 10 inches to centimeters.
Refresh my email.
Any mail marked as Important ?
change the time zone from washington to new york
sorry but you have messed up with the request.
i am sorry but i think you have gotten me wrongly.
How are you doing?
i'd like you to check and confirm the instruction please.
When is the next board meeting?
How many hours difference is Hong Kong from New York City?
Mike will send me an email tomorrow. Can you please set up an alarm 15 minutes after receiving that email?
What was the scores between OKC and DEN?
Remove all my meetings for the rest of the week.
What lists available
Make the lights less bright.
i think not right answer.
set alarm for 03/06/2017 at 5am
do not really mind to select any one.
delete apples from my shopping list
Can we talk about sex?
Please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at 9.
how many shares of apple can I get for 800$
Cancel the alarm at xx:yy am/pm
play frozen let it go
did you get what i last said correctly?
what is my location?
Create a blank list.
Dentist appointment today at 9 am
yeah you have done it correcly.
yeah you've gotten command perfectly.
Please turn on the lights in my house.
Is Chase doing good?
Please put my birthday party on the calendar.
What day is the meeting on?
through mobile phones
Look up the senders and subjects of recent email.
Stop making sounds for 40 minutes.
I want to see the recipe of veg biryani
There is an e-mail I need you to send my friend
global warming
I need to leave on the 5pm train to Rockville.
Where was Keith Urban born?
Echo, play 'You Are My Sunshine.'
New email for contact
olly that would be all.
Clear my activities list for today.
play top 10
My favorite music is rock from the early two thousands.
what to do next
once again elaborate me on your response please.
semd email to my contact
could you stop please.
Whats my schedule like
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
What time is Friday's Doctor's Appointment?
Hi, how is the weather
I would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken.
what should i do this weekend
EXCHANGES RATES ANY PROBLEMS
Schedule meeting with Laura
what's worth watching?
yes your understanding was perfect.
Did Bert write me today?
PDA: Save this channel on Pandora please
yeap great response.
Assistant, please turn the lights off
Olly, find out if KFC delivers, please.
Olly, alert me at ten a.m., please.
Remove Mother from my contact list.
Open Uber and book a car for 12 o'clock
Will it be sunny?
I pick up raincoat today with me or not.
What do I have scheduled for the 19th at 2 pm?
i think you've done a task in wrong manner.
can you please check question.
you've got my instructions right.
Set the Alarm tone
Open media play jingle bells
wait, i think that was not the correct response.
What time does the train to Iowa leave?
Does Dominos do takeaway?
Echo I want an alarm for 3:00 today.
turn off garage light
Did Linda Connors reply to any of my emails this morning?
What are the BBC poll predictions for the upcoming US elections?
Olly, play netflix on my ps4.
I would like some coffee now.
Get rid of
describe about it
Fill me in on stock symbol
do i have an appointment for lunch tomorrow?
Olly, please set work meeting at 12pm for every Thursday in February.
any news from Agnes?
Create e-mail to Yulia
Play for me Jazz music
are there any recent emails from rohit?
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
change my room lights to some romantic colour.
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
play True Love next
Facebook Status: Loving that sunrise
tell me ways to learn cooking
add <unk>
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PDA'S
is outside raining.
What day is Easter?
please book train ticket to NY
olly remind me about tomorrows meeting tonight
explain me further on your response please.
Do I have anything scheduled for March 7th?
start radio BBC one
I want to see the next Podcast available.
Turn off room lights.
Has Mike sent me an email
Did I tell you to remind me something?
ricky matin
List all the shops that are located in Milan
What does Schadenfraude mean?
Start Roomba.
Vacuum cleaner, start!
do not really mind for any one.
clear events from calendar
tell me the last one spoken once more please.
Play with me PDA.
Who is Lenin
Mixed or fake products in market
find me news about Trumps speech
i want to book Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to Ahmadabad
Find me the name of the artist of this music
is it going to snow this week PDA?
would you say one more again.
get the roomba to start cleaning
the song makes me remember certain memories
Recipe for Spaghetti
Get me the local train timing to destination CSTM.
What are departure/arrival times for (specific station)?
Please play the song XXX for me.
ggg
play classic songs
would you confirm my last command.
change the time
i am sorry but you have messed up my command.
find  unread emails recieved from Peter today, Olly
What's the weather like tomorrow?
turn off smart lamp in den
Update my Inbox please
What days do I have booked?
how many miles across is the widest part of the grand canyon alexa
Who is this on the radio?
when the event start
Listen what have happened to me today
i like you to check and confirm the detail please.
Delete all meetings for tomorrow
Should I bring a coat with me?
What will be tomorrow's weather in this location
Sanctimonious definition
bring me ticket of train to city A.
PDA, does that restaurant allow call-in orders?
audio on
Olly, can we listen to Reply All podcast
Lower the lighting
Get rid of tax list from 1990.
What is the size of the United States?
List of lists, please.
What movies is out there in the local cinema?
List out my upcoming events?
did you get details correctly?
i want to hear what you've said again.
Cup of coffee please
Book a train ticket to...
turn on the roomba
sorry but i think you made mistake.
Can I purchase a train ticket today?
shit, wrong.
Play CD led Zeppelin houses of the holy
Make a 'to-do' list while visting the Yellowstone National Park.
Transition to another color for the lights
Tell me the current weather for Danville IL
please replay that.
Please turn up the light a little.
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY INVENTIONS DID THOMAS ALVA EDISON INVITE?
Remind me to fill college's application form every two days from now
Please turn on my music.
Make a repeating reminder for my work tasks every day at 8am
please will you check that.
which is the safest and most dangerous country to live in .
i do not really mind for anything, olly.
no, i think this was not the correct answer.
Ok Google, what new movie is Jennifer Lawrence working on?
Read most recent reminder
Pop
What is the forecast for the week
the newest samsung phone
yeah answer was correct.
PDA how do you cook Black Eye Pea?
Define, triscadecaphobia.
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
now playing
Hey Robot, give me a list of ingredients for Welsh Rarebit.
olly that is all, just cancel it.
Delete my grocery list in my notes.
can you please confirm detail.
you are my star, musch appreciated, olly.
Please defined about printing works.
train schedule to..
Did I get any new emails today from Claire?
Play next song of my selected
tell me what the formal defination is of .......
set up uber
Status for the pizza delivery from Pizza Hut
would like to know the description of abject A.
how much is a train ticket to chicago?
After this song ends I want to hear Hotel California next.
What is the height of mount everest.
is there any traffic to work
Respond to my email from Bob letting them know i'll see them tomorrow.
Do you have any updates on blank?
remove this list
Tell me latest news around world.
s1, explain me more on what you have said.
i need to hear the last spoke again.
Give me information about the concert on Tuesday night.
Start a conversation with me about music
could you confirm detail please.
Is soft cheese better than hard?
is there a birthday party today?
Please increase volume in music player.
How many emails have I received recently?
I WANT TO LISTEN ARIJIT SINGH SONG ONCE AGAIN.
queue True Love
find remainder and delete
Look up for the residential address of my team leader.
up
Dim the lighting in my living room
Please add a 4 p.m. appointment for every Tuesday.
Send an email and save the contact information for Samuelwaters@hotmail.com
What is the USA-Chinese exchange rate?
Talk to me about the list
Robotic sentience
set a reminder about tomorrows meeting at 9am
how is the exchange rate for Microsoft?
What date is it today
Please set the alarm for
Call Eastwind and order lomaine to go.
book me a taxi.
Find new music from Jars of Clay for me
How do you cook a four-cheese omelette?
Please add an email to my contacts.
What does Jon Bon Jovi's wife look like?
thanks but it is not correct command.
What events do I have for tomorrow?
start robot vacuum
Please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going.
Please play Leviathan
Please turn on my Spotify playlist.
it does not really matter to me, olly.
alexa put sam@gmail.com in my email contacts list.
Movies
Olly, please start the coffee.
Olly, today was the best day of my life.
Classice pasta recipes
thanks for the helping.
check and confirm it.
Remind me about the upcoming national holiday.
What is the square root of 4 ?
Olly delete my surprise event for Thursday.
Set soccer game with Mark in my calendar for Tuesday night.
email jerry regarding the meeting
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
by our scores
Do I have any new emails from Sarah?
What is Google's current stock price?
can you please check my last command.
begin vaccum
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
Is there anything on my calendar on Friday in the morning after I get to work?
Turn on the tunes.
volume control please
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
Play all by the Beatles
uber
PDA tell me how to stretch before running.
I need a meeting to be schedule with this person
Take me to the next episode if her story.
New reminder at 3pm
Where is Fallout Boy performing next?
Turn wemo on
Remind me about Tuesday meeting with client at 10 am.
I am in need of some pizza, what's the closest place that delivers?
How many degrees is it in Orange, Tx right now?
What is the temperature for Houston, Texas?
Can I change this light to orange?
Yesterday at noontime, in Times Square, what was the protest about?
what time is it in another city?
Remind me about the meeting with Harry on Monday
Turn on living room radio
Give me the stock price of Apple
How far is it from home to Seattle?
Is it raining in Toronto?
are there any fun events in LA today?
yeap answer was confirmed.
yes good response to command.
Find lyrics of this song and save it. It is very nice song.
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
Play me some jazz.
Too Private
Explain what a contact lense is.
be my friend
What takeout places are near me?
Please turn the lights brighter.
Who am I supposed to go to lunch with today?
No more comments
hey siri what's the time
Whatsapp
Update my calendar and delete next event
How do I cook that meal
Mail my friend.
i appreciate it, it is excellent job.
how we will get digital document
Make sure to remind me to pay my bills tomorrow morning.
Send email to
read a books to read list for me please
Olly, I need a funny joke to tell Sam.
buying clothes
Will it rain
New notification for meeting in two hours.
How many inches make one feet?
drop a message to Jan, write I will be late
you are my hero, thanks.
will you please elaborate me about what you have said again.
does not really matter with me.
Check my email for the last hour
Notify me on March 11th, the day of my appointment.
Find a debate about schools in UK
Bring me latest tech news
Cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at 8 am.
What are the train times at Millenium Station departing toward Indiana today
Turn down volume twenty percent!
repeat what you have just said.
tell funny things
please tell me it one more time.
Check the latest news
How much is a round trip  train ticket to go to New York?
Set an aniversary event for Tuesday
remove list
Play Firework by Katy Perry.
you have done that correctly, olly.
i said do this.
Open calendar schedule event, meeting
Set an alarm for 8am.
Is it possible for you to get a train ticket for me?
what is the time difference between here and there?
olly I need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
What is the time in Alaska?
Tell me about morel mushrooms.
Hey, email Jan about our meeting
do not mind to choose any one.
definition xy
Can you tell me about today
can you check what i last said.
Play poker with me.
could you  calculate 5 + 5?
Could you tell me what today's date is?
play my latest podcast
where was the train wreck
Remove frida from contacts
it's helpful, appreciated.
would you shut up please.
What will bw thr time now in Washington
where are piramids located
would you please further clarify me about this.
Ho wlong should I cook a steak to achieve medium rare?
find out if the restaurant does takeaway orders
Give me the time in London
sorry but you messed up with.
What is _________?
Do I need to apply sunburn cream when I go to Golf club?
do i need sun screen lotion today?
USD to GBP
Can you create a new list?
Let national grid know the power is out again.
What's my latest email
Open chess game
Make the smart socket turn off
Current traffic conditions.
Is my order at domino's ready?
Bring up the grocery list and add v8.
Check my mail for new email
play lite music in 106.7
you got that perfectly.
Next song will be Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
Olly, look up the map to stores near me
turn off all the lights
Does the 13th have rain in the forecast?
thanks but you had it not right.
Is there any new environmental news?
What are my favorite types of music?
Add 'event' to my calendar
Can you set a reminder for Wednesday at 1:00PM for my meeting?
How old is Miley Cyrus?
uhh no, thanks.
how do i make a pizza
find world meaning in dictonary
sorry but i think that's not right.
Please book a ticket of Rajdhani Express Train from Jaipur.
Please turn on my vacuum cleaner
Hello Google, Play Baby One More Time.
Please make the lights blue
i am unclear about last sentence.
What shops are round here?
delete all my calender events
Please describe an elephant to me.
PDA: I need to send a new email, here is the address and then add it to the contact list
Put laundry on my to-do list
will you check the detail please.
last sentence is not so clear.
check the detail.
Should I dress in layers today?
what hour is it in another city
Will I need to carry an umbrella with me today?
emails now
Put on the screen the lists I have available.
Any new mail from jack
Olly, how much meat should I buy to serve 10 people?
what will be the weather update for monday noon
please clear the list
Is there any program for tomorrow evening.
Let me hear a joke
Delete my workout from today.
bring back talking after 40mins
What is the latest update on <insert topic here>
How much would it cost to buy stock in Apple?
Can you remove that on my calendar
please turn up the volume
please could you check what said.
open twitter
Tell me how to make tacos
record the program and listen later on
Make an event for a dentist appointment thursday at 9am
Tell me about this song.
stock exchange rates
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR POUND TO USD
Hey Ms the email address of John Miller.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE WEATHER PREDICATION FOR THIS WEEK.
Echo what street does Sarah live on, check my phone book.
English test form email from Marcia
Tell me what the geography is like in this region
yes correct.
How many miles from one end of the U.S to the other from East to West?
Fix the light which has 150 watts
List top 5 movies of Emma Watson .
Alexa, I would have avoided the traffic if I went early
olly can you cancel please.
s2, i can not catch up with you.
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
Shut the lights off in my bedroom please
What's around me?
that was useful,.
delete the next event in the calendar
olly please can you shut up.
Training Day
Rearrange that off the list
i like you confirm the detail please.
What is 23 times 52?
respond back to the mail
thanks but i think you did not get response correctly.
Turn off the fan08
Please keepo everything I have on this song.
What movies did brad pit star in
what is the history of smart phones
What is the day today?
What are my newest emails?
Add a meeting to my calendar for 9am with Tom.
Check for all emails from Tom Brady
What's the best value marathon to enter in the next 6 months?
When does 24 th come in the next week ?
directions please
yeah correct response to command.
What day of the week is Sept 12 of this year?
I wan to play me a Justin bieber song
Olly, pick up where we left off on Battle Royale.
Is tomorrow a holiday?
What is the largest continent in the world
please add meeting at work to calander
Olly how do I make Lobster bisque
can you clarify further on this.
weather on tuesday
will play chess
When is the next time it will rain?
PDA, open 104.7 radio
Could you please help me to order some Sushi from Deliveroo?
i want you to check command please.
please make a coffee
What is John Smith's home phone number
tell me the last spoke one more time.
on my calendar are there any birthdays
Olly, what events are happening in Pondichery this weekend?
once more.
Change light colors from blue to white.
What is that event?
Can you put the vacuum on?
Tweet to OLX costumer service the next, I didn't receive my order number 1176
What is 1 dollar in euros?
Lists I have
PDA, please send an email to my family.
check my emails for something from NAME
play my recently downloaded songs
show various plants in earth
today was bad.
wait, it is not the right command.
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
PDA: Did anyone send me any new emails in the last hour?
Weather for next 8 days, San Antonio, Texas
What features do you have planned to release in the future?
uh no, that isn't what i wanted.
What time is my reservation for this Saturday?
Today the following happened to me: I had a meeting with George
near by grossary
Alarm 10 AM
Has Mary responded to me email yet?
Please rub my back
Alexa,  brighten the lights in living room.
tell me if 540 is subtracted seven time by 28.
Is there any pending reminder for me
How is the weather looking in Las Angeles?
I want to hear @ song
I want you to mute
Olly, what's traffic likexchange on 441?
you have done command exactly.
Turn on Vacuum cleaner
MERE FAVORITE SONGS KO TUNE KARO.
start and email to John Smith
Can you tell me what hypertrophy means?
Do you know if there is any rain today
Do I have an alarm set for morning flight?
book a Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
perfect job, you've done well, olly.
save that song and my opinion
Will it get warmer here next week?
How many emails do I have from work today?
s1, please elaborate once again to me.
set alarm for reminder
Add this event to my calendar
can you retry what i've said please.
dammit, you've done it wrong.
How can I cook 'meal'
What is the linear equation
change the lights in the kitfchen to blue
i like you to check and confirm the question please.
How many people live in Los Angeles?
Do I have a new email from Sandy?
yeap that's right.
i would like to hear what you said again.
olly cancel.
i would like you confirm it please.
Play some tunes for me
you are awesome, appreciated, olly.
Play the new record of Malika
i would like you check and confirm instruction please.
Book a taxi to start from here
Start my favourite podcast
you gave me incorrect information.
Radio
Read the email sent by this contact
can you please clarify once again.
tell me the defination of...
Play rock radio station
COULD YOU GIVE ME THE EXACT RATE FOR DOW NIFTY FUTURES.
book a train ticket to New york
Change channel to
Can you confirm that my meeting for tomorrow has been cancelled?
Destroy all events.
what time does the train arrive at______
anything will be ok with me.
Give me the idea of current traffic condition
hey siri make me laugh with a good joke
what's up olly
What did Apple stock close at yesterday?
For what is famous Ellen Degeneres?
I am unable to hear you, can you speak little loud?
what is name?
Start robot cleaner
Is the 22nd on a Wednesday?
Please add sugar to my grocery list.
would you please check what i last said.
Ok Google! Mute sound on speakers please
share post on my phone on facebook alexa
show me the most recent emails
send email to Martha saying last evening was wild
Find me Mexican dinner recipes.
give me update on news
check celebrity wiki
train schedule
excellent job, you did well.
list local ongoing exhibitions
great job, you did well.
Can you add Gloria to my list of clients?
PDA please check this info on geographics for me
brighter
i was unclear about this.
Run Coffee Maker
mcdo direction?
trash my list
this is of no importance with me, olly.
What is the answer to $12.95 minus $7.50?
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
How people are thinking in such a manner that they can hide everything from God
How is Coca-Cola stock doing today?
PDA please search for beginners guide to cooking
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
Give information about the traffic near my location please.
I'd like to hear folk songs from 1968
yeah you did the command correcly.
What's happening in america?
yes great response.
What is the plan for tonight?
play playlist
Show me the best recipe for spaghetti
Did PAOK won Liverpool?
s1, please again explain last sentence.
Can you send an email for me to a new email address?
hey olly what are some good movies coming out soon
Set me a meeting next Tuesday at 11am with Jesse.
time constrain
alexa What are AMD stock prices
Change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
Where is Yellowstone?
yeap that is confirmed.
Where is Raleigh?
Open Google Keep
Tell me my friends most recent update?
elaborate me about your answers further.
speak once more.
can you check and confirm details.
COULD YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE ME ABOUT THE ITEM SMART PHONE.
play a song of your choice for me
Please read what is on my grocery list.
Player who play a game
i have no idea.
Perpetual meaning
what song is on the radio
Tell me when my next meeting is.
How many euro make $1000?
Add lunch with Laura for Thursday at 1:00
Whats up with the new provider?
Post a new status on facebook saying that I am enjoying the nice weather.
What time is it in a city?
Give me the address of my hairdresser for the meeting today
thank you very much for response.
Can many seashells did Sally sell by the seashore?
Clear my calender
hmm, not correct command.
Ok Google! Lower all volume on speakers please
Do I have any new mail?
i want a meeting till 3 o clock.
Is the new Stephen King book on my list?
Can you look up Chinese takeout near here?
open company name and find forms
replay what you've just said.
I want to respond to my last email.
Who am I meeting at work tomorrow?
tell me it once more.
what is name of the song currently playing
Give me the WSJ news
Take my calendar and clear it
please fix the command.
Remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow.
Please find me 80's music
remind my meetings
Remove the excel file from the list
yes your understanding was confirmed.
Remove next event in calendar
Put on some techno music please.
dammit, not right response.
What song am I listening to?
make the lights pink at the house
i'd like to hear what you said again.
Tell me current time
Add my practice at King's Park on Feb 4 at 2 p.m.
i would like if PDA will be smart and intelligent in way it will be familiar with me and recognise the way i like the result will be
Open solitaire.  Play with me
shit, you gave me not correct information.
it was nice one, thank you.
Go back to the midnight series.
tell about the latest world news
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
Remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
put alarm for this meeting
song title?
Tell me a play lust
Olly what ingredients are needed for pudding
Ok Google, play 106.7
you get your understanding right.
Play NPR on the car radio.
shit, you gave me wrong information.
Where can I book a train ticket to Oregon?
What do I need to remember?
Check definition of capricious.
Do I have a home number for Shelly?
Let me know if there is a town meeting Monday.
What is on the agenda for the 4PM meeting with Joe?
sorry but you have messed up.
anything is ok to me, olly.
do I have any alarms set for 6 am tomorrow?
Can you please tell me the current weather condition
did apple stocks go up or down
please again clarify me on your answers.
What is the traffic like this morning
What are all the upcoming events
Turn on kitchen light
Please we're the following alarm
Change the opacity of the color
I wish it had wider range of conversation
what happening in VA
Please check third event of 22/03/2017
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at 3 pm next friday
Find recipe chicken casserole
My day was hectic
Remove alarm of 6 AM on Tuesday.
Can you substitute baking soda for baking powder?
Find a taxi service close to me.
once again explain to me please.
how was the weather this week
remove chat with Allan
is there a chance of snow wednesday?
please confirm last thing i said.
i am sorry but that's incorrect.
use google to show me how to cook
Show me how to cook lasagna.
give me the update on traffic at new york
Send an email to sjobs@apple.com
please clarify me on that further.
Please tell me the date and time?
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
Is tomorrow's appointment in the Middletown office?
Both young drivers and provisional drivers crash more often than other drivers because they have not yet had the wide range of experiences they need to drive safely by themselves. Research has shown that driving experience is a major factor in reducing road crashes and that the safest time for young drivers is when they are driving under supervision while learning.
Are there any trips to Location A provided by the train?
How many records did Prince make?
s1, will you further explain.
When the even was started?
would you further rephrase me about your words.
What is the probability of rain today night
Where is located the biggest waterfall in the world?
musch appreciated, it's fantastic.
what lists do i have saved?
Is Bills pager number in my contacts?
can you tell me what month it is
sorry but it was not the correct response.
anything is ok to me.
i like you to check it please.
When was this song recorded?
what is happening during 8am and 5pm today
Remind me 30 minutes early that I have a teleconference on Tuesday
Please tell me where the fair is going to be this year.
Reply to Erins email by saying I will be on time
please say the utterance said again.
Ask them to remember always to lock the door and keep a careful watch on their keys.
Place a recurring occurence in my calendar.
What movies has Clancy Brown played in?
Send an email to my mom.
Is the traffic smooth right now?
is there a takeaway in __ restaurant
remove birthday party
Wake me up at 7 AM.
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PHONES
Add (name/location) to calendar
go to social media and post the following status
s2, that was not clear.
Display trains going to Antwerp after 2pm Saturday
play my favorite game.by name xxxxx
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
what states border new hampshire
thanks but i think you have gotten me incorrectly.
Play my most favorite country song.
Please arrange to remind about this job
please will you further clarify me on that.
Initiate Celine Dion music
Can you please switch of the lights?
Repeat calendar event.
Trivia
What is twelve times eight?
Add eggs to my list
Siri, cancel yoga alarms
Email Susan and write that
Where is the closer Starbucks?
Play favourite music
Can you enter an event to my calendar?
Lights off
Print kids train ticket for this Thursday
On the music player set the volume level at 60.
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
i don't mind for whatever.
check outlook
Play me a game of tic-tac-toe
speak that again please.
My flight is by 6 pm, please keep me posted.
Can you eat sweet potato greens raw?
really don't mind.
Repeat this event
i was not clear about your answer.
Tell me what movie was the winner of last year's Academy Award for Best Picture.
it's useful, thank you very much.
What is the exchange rate for Philippine pesos?
i am unclear about what you said.
Where should I avoid this morning?
alexa put classic rock on
i am unclear about your answer.
Get rid of the Wednesday list
PERSONAL DIGITAL ASSISTANT
Play me something pop
play titanic title song
PDA play my workout playlist.
Send an email to Jerry, ask what time will he be home tonight.
Weekly weather report
Clear my calendar for the rest of the day.
Please tell me how to I bake 12 oatmeal cookies?
Recent Conroe news
health
How about you save this music?
What's the name of the event?
Delete my next meeting from calendar.
Add wedding to my claendar
you are so helpful, thank you.
Please pull up the wikipedia article on glass blowing
Play Itzhak Perlman.
make the lighting bit more warm here
Can you please create a list for me
how can I go from Boston to New york by train?
lower the light of hall by75%
could you please confirm it.
could you please check and confirm that.
it isn't what i was searching for.
oh it's excellent.
Let's play a game
go to rap list
Olly, Turn the light off in the living room
Make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled.
Did I ask you to remind me of anything?
climate
Do I have any new emails from Dan?
Select and play only christian rock from 1990 upwards.
I love that song. Who sings it?
this song is composed by whom?
Let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please.
how many Beatles are still alive
In classical music, are there ever any singers?
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
I did not want you to send that text yet, wait until I say send.
Tweet my complaint on targets customer service
Will traffic be good when I leave in 5 minutes?
i'd like you confirm that please.
book train ticket to NY
What does (insert) mean ?
will you please elaborate me further on this.
make a list
open saga
find hotel order food name
anything would be fine with me.
Play the 50 songs I listen to most often.
What alarms do I got PDA?
Slow the volume speaker
Sandle
i am sorry but i think that is not the right response.
Let me know any updates about new Trump cabinet appointments
What artist sings this song?
I need to set up a meeting with Peter Francis on Monday.
could you please check and confirm the detail.
it isn't what i asked.
adjust media volume up
Set a 2 day notification before Maria's birthday please.
that wasn't what i wanted please try again.
How much US money do I get from 1000 kroner?
What can I do tonight in the city?
I want to take karate classes ?Where are localooking karate studios?
show me what lists are available
Wave
add mail id, subject , content
What did she just sing?
remove the list of things to do
i'd like you check and confirm the command please.
I want to listen to NPR in the living room
Please check my inbox for any new emails in last 20 minutes.
What events are going on in the area?
Is it going to rain this week?
What time is there a train going from Prague to Brno?
Lights up.
Please Play only sad song in music player.
reopen groceries and add milk
repeat it please.
Clear item 4
you helped a lot, thank you, olly.
what is the definition of ultra?
you did fantastic work,, olly.
say what i've just said one more again please.
if it is from a very familiar place mark it as important
what is the prevailing exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees?
Play my music
Any events in Delhi today?
how much is the us dollar vs the pound
are there any cultural activities happening in newyork
When will my meeting with Sandy occur?
is there any Chinese places in Benton AR
What time is my Domino's order expected to arrive?
play 987FM
Easy home cooking recipes
What does regal mean?
Hey Google, what time does the DART Orange Line leave for West Plano?
show me podcasts
is my sister pregnant
Setting up a food-processing business in our home has advantages and disadvantages.
I want to know if The Olive Garden provides takeaway.
give me news on president trump
Book me a train ticket to Atlanta, please.
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
What are the items on my list?
Is it going to rain today in San Diego?
Can you tell me if any events are planned in my area?
Please, tell me a joke.
check details please.
could you confirm the last thing i said please.
Please check and Repeat this song one time more.
Where is Russia located?
tell me the news about the current secenorio in chennai
Is Mary's birthday party tonight?
I want to hear the radio Olly.
Ok Google, remove my vacation scheduled for July
PDA name: Can you tell me when i
Tell me the recipe for yellow rice
yeap wonderful.
Up the brightness on these lights.
Tweet a complaint about potholes on road
Do I have any recent emails from my contact favorites?
send raj a mail for job
Read that list back to me, please.
Please add dan's email to my contacts
i want you confirm the detail please.
remove alarms set for tomorrow
How are you feeling lately?
play new bob dylan album
it's cool, thank you so much, olly.
can you tell me your last sentence said once again.
Olly what are good movies playing now?
you are my star, thank you so much.
Where was President Madison born?
let's try what said one more again please.
Play Radiomango
Remind me an hour ahead of 4pm that the happy hour for marlows on colonial is from 5-6
Add an appointment with my dentist for 10 a.m. next Monday.
Email to Matthew with content: Project finished, send me invoice please.
What is a good vegan egg substitute, Olly?
Remove all my calendar events
i want you check my last instruction please.
x company stock price
Answer email from Sally.
book a business class seat on the next train to new york city
can you remove seeing dentist from my calendar?
Hey Olly, turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at 10 am.
Tell me the weather for New Brighton, PA?
I need to get going at 8am tomorrow. Set up an alarm 30 minutes before that.
Show me the meetings held last week
What are the lyrics to this song playing
thank you for your help.
enter this to a list.
When is the last local departing from Mumbai CST to Pune?
what did you mean by saying it.
Play a podcast about latest yoga videos
did my friend 'rohit' posted something on fb?
play nexy availabel podcast
I like songs from 90s
i was unclear about what you have said.
Calendar up, when is my financial meeting on Friday?
Move forward 2 minutes in this podcast.
where I went today?
Turn (program) on xmtune
What were yesterday's activities between 5pm and 8pm?
Tell me about the presidential race.
Start with the first episode of that podcast.
Plesae tune in to Channel 9 FM
Ok Google, lets start FMOD
does restaurant xy deliver takeaway?
s2, i am unclear about it.
what time does the train depart from dowtown los angeles to santa barbara
display list of recent emails
What is the time in Chicago?
is it raining in Barcelona
Please reply to my boss' most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum.
correct response.
I need more milk
Do I have a new email from Eric?
PDAs have features that make them more robust and able to handle inclement weather, jolts and moisture.
Siri, what time is it in Denver?
Read all new emails please.
Please start my music
Alexa, where is Australia located?
Can you give me the movie schedule?
yes, I Like to save opinion on song playing and which player suppoert that song.
Remind me I need to be at the library a week from today at five.
I want to make a complaint to the consumer
that's awesome job, thank you very much.
i would not really bother.
Please set an alarm at 6 am.
get me a train ticket to go to
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
I would like to hear Rush Limbaugh on I heart Radio
can you locate some gospel music for me
Take note of my complaint and tweet to @consumer service.
Should I wear boots today?
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
calc
Toggle wemo plug socket on
Play all songs by Martina McBride.
you are awesome, thank you very much.
you are so helpful,.
For the next month how many meeting days available do I have that are convenient for me
Price
Cancel my meeting tomorrow.
i can not catch that.
Play electronic dance music after this one
What day does Halloween fall on this year?
Play why do you sing by Kirk Franklin.
Why do people use Avocado seeds?
Delete marriage july 3
I am going to need  sunglasses this morning?
Olly, turn on any song by tupac.
create a reminder for meeting
object identifier
Change dollar to rupees rates
tell me that words spoke again please.
PDA please schedule a meeting for me.
wonderful response to the command.
Turn lights off in bedroom.
Tell me more about John Smith.
avinash go with me on 5th april movie commando.
Show me all the emails I've gotten today.
post pic on my phone on facebook alexa
refresh with my instruction.
Please delete the shopping list.
Hey Alexa, turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
i will repeat the question clearly for you to understand.
i was not so clear about it.
Decrease the volume to 10%
i need to hear your last message spoke again.
Play some radio.
give me the reminders
turn on the smart plug
play the scarlet letter
Olly, what day of the week is Halloween?
Turn down the lights in the living room
What is the reminder when 521 is divided by 3?
thanks but that was not the right response.
News 19
When is the doctor's appointment?
Tell me what time it is in Dallas, Texas.
PDA I like electronic music
Check my list
What is playing at AMC 20?
not a good day
Play song Everytime I see you
it isn't what i am looking for.
Brighten the lights in the hallway
Please set a reminder for me to 'something' in 'sometime'
s2, this is not clear to me.
file storage
What do you think I look like?
turn off lights in bathroom
Please look up local restaurants that are open now.
olly could you just stop please.
Show me the email of jack
Please describe this sunset for me.
it's nice one, thank you so much.
Finance
can you retry what said please.
yeah good response to command.
Remind me that I have an appointment 12 o clock on saturday
What is the value of the Yen right now?
Please repeat the last sentence from that book.
Will a 2015 Fiesta be worth anything in 3 years?
On every tuesday remind me to go shopping.
What's the latest on Trump?
Plesae let me know the alarm kept for Tuesday's meeting
Please play the local Latin music channel on the radio,
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email?
Are you my friend?
Delete my meeting for tomorrow.
tell joke?
Give me some recipes for_______
Give me some lavender-toned light
What's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food.
nice work, you have done well, olly.
Call PF Chang's to order me Egg Foo Young.
What is an X?
Cortana, if it's 8 PM on the east coast, what time is it in Sacramento, California?
send this message to the family group starts with A .
Hey Olly, order two wings with french fries from the Chinese food store.
Hey Olly how's it going
any one will be good to me, olly.
Olly I worked today
will you tell me one more time.
deactivate smart plug socket
What time does the last train arrive in Dallas?
what time the costco close
Read the contact number X from phone book
near by super market
Please, send email to Pawel with reminder
Instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in 10 mins.
Will you tell me what time it is in Cloverdale, Indiana?
What's the news from source
it does not matter with me, olly.
Turn on my Michael Jackson playlist.
movies of tom hanks
Show me pancakes PDA.
How far away is...?
what is the dress code for tonight
start my playlist on I Heart Radio
What wine is best for dinner?
Please change the volume to mute
order chinese food
Add wash jeans to laundry list
doesn't really matter with me.
Please modify my calendar with this event.
would you tell me what said one more time.
Remove meeting at dubai
Can you make me a cup of coffee?
Siri, what does survey mean?
you have done your understanding right.
Open calendar, remove all events
thanks but i think that's not the correct response.
isn't food great?
How long does tonight's dinner party last?
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
What Mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout?
Please check the train schedule for Wednesday at 5pm, going to Rockville.
resume last played audiobook
Set an alarm for 7 am.
tweet that product sucks
Do I have any new messages in twitter, Instagram, or Facebook?
Could you speak up?
PDA look up someone
Hey olly play the latest somgs from playlist
Time and date  of today
where is ToNa?
really i wouldn't mind, olly.
What is the current stock price for amazon?
Who is the artist of this song?
Open games directory
thanks but i think you have messed up with.
I'd like to make post.
GIVE AN 3D EFFECTS
Turn up the lights in here, please.
Most current local news
go to the next episode
play justin bieber on shuffle
what you are telling is no more applicable.
can you please check and confirm my last instruction.
What volcanoes are currently active?
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
Olly where can I go shopping in this area?
send a message to national grid that the power is out again
please set a reminder for my 5pm meeting today
please wake me up at 7:30 am
Olly has Robert emailed me yet?
that is helpful, musch appreciated.
will you check and confirm the details please.
go to the third episode of this podcast
Save this song as a favorite
Here is something from today
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
Make an alarm to help me remember
it's cool, thank you so much.
Olly there's a good band playing tonight at 9 at jazzbar. I want to go
say that once more.
What are lady gagas most popular songs
For how many years did Mahatma Gandhi live
would not mind to choose any one.
What is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar ?
s2, i can't catch that.
Is the weather going to be nice this weekend?
Read about Mary S
I would like all the lights on when I enter.
play underground rap
olly that's enough, cancel it.
add newscast time to daily schedule
Delete the last phrase.
you've gotten it exactly.
Please Check all new email of Amazon.
I'm going to sleep now
Please remove all items on my calendar
i am sorry but you messed up.
that's amazing.
i am sorry but i think got me not right.
that is enough, cancel it.
hayathis daughter baby shower
please explain me more on what you said.
Schedule me a taxi for after my Thursday meeting.
what do i have going on next friday?
MSN news
What's the famous Monty Python joke about the bird?
olly that is all, cancel.
please will you rephrase your answers once again.
Is Mt. Everest the tallest mountain in the United States?
Tell me when I need to leave the airport
PDA: What is a movie like Star Wars?
s2, i was unclear about your answer.
Olly, submit a negative review about a company
awesome job, you have done well.
I hate this song. Please remember that so that I don't hear this song ever again.
do i have any emails about chemistry
Iterate events on the note
retry what i've just said please.
<unk> on
anything is okay to me.
next song
Please remind me my favorite show is coming on at 1 pm.
pls add list of things to buy for pary
display my schedule for today
PDA please schedule a meeting with Derrick in Haysi at noon.
Tell me a joke about aliens.
please can you retry.
Tell me that list I wrote 2 days ago
wonderful job, you have done well, olly.
Olly, is there any current news on the presidential election?
Olly what movie theatres are in Stephenville?
Give me the opening stock price of Acer computers
Order 1 pizza from pizza hut
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
can you check and confirm what just said.
yeap you have understood my instructions right.
i need to hear the word spoken again.
Please play Games by Disturbed
Please turn off the Wemo plug socket.
Weather in Atlanta
What will the weather be next week?
send an email to mike about this weekend party
I'd like a coffee now
Scheduled events. more info
Play the local R&B radio station.
Turn the volume down a little please
email my sister about mom's birthday. Jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
mail send to ashok
Set wake-up Thursday 7 am.
yes amazing response to command.
please start over.
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct command.
Have a taxi pick me up.
Find out more about the annual tea party.
Meeting july calender
set alarm half an hour from my meal time.
get today's weather report
correct last action.
play list music True Love
uhh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Set up recurring date on my calendar
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
What is Mary S's birthday?
Make lights brightener
nope, i think you made mistake, please correct this.
Post that I am going to Walmart for Shopping
Who are the greatest guitarists of all time?
please could you check command.
Name me off the lists avaible
PDA, how do you define the word orange?
What is the point of a banana
I couldn't hear you.  Repeat that louder
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
When is my doctor's appointment
OLLY, LET'S EMAIL SANDY
What restaurants are open near me?
recipes
Set the living room lights to 50%
Where is Leah Remini from?
that's enough, stop it.
Turn my bathroom plug socket on.
I can barely hear you Olly
How to cook spaghetti squash
Fetch me the phone number of  Alexander.
PDA What's Jesse's Address?
What does sanctimonious mean?
What is the news on Donald Trump
please shut up.
Mute speakers please.
Dim the living room lights
Latest tweets
that's not the right response.
will you reset it please.
could you repeat that.
Olly, does Panda Garden deliver?
15+20
Schedule a meeting with Matt at 11am on Thursday.
I don't like this light. Please show me other options
Tell me what's happening on social media
I want to listen to Rock
I want to hear radio channel x
Play the list from my favorites
What is the current exchange rate of Euro to dollar
please correct the command.
i'd like to hear what you've said again.
What time is it in Chicago right now?
alexa do need an umbrella today?
make an alarm for fridays meeting at 10am
tell me one more again.
Search for all titles for Huey Lewis and play.
What's 3 plus 355?
read me my list for <unk>
Tell me current time at Newyork
Find me the recipe for beef stroganoff.
How big is the Empire State Building?
Make a list of camera photos
Remind me to tweet at this company
play songs related to ACDC
Can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza?
show unread
how can i delete an item
email David about the meeting tomorrow. David, can we have the meeting in the afternoon
Please find me the most recent news on
Hey Siri!! mute the speakers
Tell me the funniest joke that was ever told.
ennema eatha
hey siri chance the current light settings
Should I bring an umbrella tomorrow?
Make a new notification for political campaign tweets.
I fancy some coffee now
What's going on in the world right now?
i would like to hear it again.
What movies has Casey Affleck starred in?
could you speak one more again please.
can you please please reply for that mail
How many contacts are there named John.
what's the latest about the Olympics
Can you please order some food for me?
What is the residing place of cricketer dhoni?
What is the current mountain time
Send an email to juanpedro@gmail.com
If it is 6AM here what time is it in Tokyo?
please send to new email address listed
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
Find the nearest Taxi
All food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list.
play the track 8 from google play music .
thanks but i think you got me incorrectly.
Delete the next event today
Can you find the newest song from MGK?
What's the meaning of life?
can you delete this dinner party event
PDA when is Dale's birthday?
please let's start over.
What's Leon's email?
turn off light
Discontinue use of lights.
What is the latest news about the Mexico-America border wall?
I AM NEED MY HAP TODAY
Can you let Delta know I'm never using them again?
sorry but you didn't understand request right.
Create a new list by 12noon tomorrow.
How cold is it?
stock details
Show me the current traffic nearby me
Give me the definition for animal
that's useful, thank you, olly.
PDA, Repeat the last song again.
I want my PDA to find free movies online for me
I'd like you to turn turn on the TV.
change this time zone to wasington
PDA, show me delivery near me.
What city was Elvis born
what is the difference in value of a dollar and a peso
can you please further elaborate your response.
Cortana, turn corner light on
yes amazing response to the command.
that's great, thank you.
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for March 25
Delete event for Tuesday
i am not clear about your answer.
send message via email
Olly, set an event on 2nd March at 12 pm noon in your calendar for Jim's birthday
Please play music from my 80s playlist
PDA, what is a cow
Can you brief about the next scheduled events?
show me the calender
Let me get a cup of coffee please.
Turn off the lights now
Post a Facebook status: Engaged!
i don't understand what you just said now.
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
s2, your words is not clear to me.
Check my E-mail inboxes and tell me about new mails.
Our water bill was too high
What is Jill's home phone number?
turn on wemo <unk> in game room
I just love Adele! Please play my most played songs of her after this track!
I would love a less bright up room
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT WILL BE RAINY DAY BASED ON THE WEATHER FORCAST/
it's wonderful, musch appreciated.
Please tell me what time is now in canada
yeah that's good.
What's the latest on the travel ban?
Shuffle my workout playlist
i have no idea regarding to what to choose.
Plan a meeting with John on 21 Mar at 11 AM
How is your day going?
what is the news about current weather.
What day o the week is 12th
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
will you please confirm what i just said.
Stock up or down for Walgreens?
what is the time now in new york
shit, it is not what i was searching for.
Whats the latest?
Where is Stockton, California?
I want to hear great music
What's on tomorrow night?
did you get command correctly?
answer is confirmed.
Crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
Please Delete next Meeting Arora's Namkeen owner.
Set an alarm for the meeting tomorrow 30 minutes before the event starts
play chess
what is the current central time
would you check and confirm last thing i said please.
PDA, clear all events from March 7.
How many recent emails have this sender or subject line?
Is Bills cell phone number in my contacts?
that was not what i was looking for try it again.
got your understanding right.
what's on tv
order mcdonalds
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it.
please remove all the appointments marked in the calendar for past 5 years.
turn on 1027 webn
will you check that please.
Base on my audiobook collection, get me recommendation related audio-book I should listen, get and play me the resume.
Tell me what the word organism means
great response.
How many months in a year?
How do I duct tape a goose.to a.pig?
hail taxi!
How long will be the duration of the event?
Ok Google, what was the stock price for Google yesterday
why people like earthly enjoyment and forget about the ultimate joy with God?
Please turn the music volume up.
it's helpful, appreciated, olly.
I want to cook pasta in american style, show me how.
Please remind me about the 11am business meet
PDA, Tweet Tweet @
favourite
Turn off the smart plug
Robotics
How big is the Tower of London?
Play songs from titanic
it has a meaning of rhythm
i like you just cancel it.
Where is it hottest on earth?
I want to hear my favorite song from Iron Maiden
quite
remind me about the meeting with dentist on  the twenty third of May
Remove the concert from the calendar events.
Alexa, send mom an email now
complain to customer service
What alarms are set right now?
I want all my events deleted.
How much does 1 euro cost in rupees.
not right.
Who wrote this song?
shit, this isn't what i am searching for.
Can you put on The Giver?
PDA, what sound does a dog make
Olly please recommend which LA Lakers basketball game I should attend this month.
Save event for 5pm to 6pm on March 18th
Please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie.
Do they deliver?
Is Trump tweeting today?
Check inbox for jack
you did that perfectly.
Please turn on repeate all
Go to www.metronorth.com for train tickets
Resume playing the current audiobook.
what is the trending now?
check and confirm details please.
Volume up.
lower the volume 10%
I want to play the next episode of this podcast
Change the lights in my home to orange.
Live Show reminders
Give me tomorrow's weather update
find area
i don't really care.
Olly, weather in Bristol  Vt
delete my next calendar event
Where is Kilamanjaro?
What is 14 divided by 2?
How many people were at the protest in Times Square, yesterday at Noon?
olly, I am taking day off tomorrow
PDA check recent news on someone
thanks, it was excellent.
please further clarify me on what you've just said.
what is my upcoming calendar event
Can turkeys fly
Give me Charles telephone number.
What goes with risotto?
please will you cancel.
resume audio
PLEAE TELL ME ABOUT THE HISTORIC FACTS ABOUT INDIA
Olly speak loudly
Reply to Heather's latest email by answering No
Add a notification reminder and calendar event for Thursday at 7:00 AM labeled Sales Meeting please
send email to current email address
you've done it right thank you very much.
s2, i don't catch that.
define elaborate
play classical chamber music playlist
speak quieter
Remove what I have to do on the 23 of march.
create event
What would be the current time in Ivory Coast?
power on wemo
set an alarm for 12
Find out the the train arrival time and book me.
Lower the speakers
What is the exchange rate of Euro today to dirham
olly whats the best place to eat near here
open songs by Prince
could you do it again please.
I'd like some red lighting Olly.
Is there any possibility of rain this week
olly turn the lights to red color
What's the traffic this morning?
How can I contact this person?
Mark on my calender
Turn the lights off now
remind me tommorrow at 10 AM to wish my friend
Turn the living room lights to 100%
COMPARE USA AND OTHER COUNTERS
How long will it take me to get to the west side?
latest news story
What is Mary S's phone number?
need a hot coffee
What are listed?
define blanket
show me what i asked to see.
Please turn on the radio to a random station, Ally.
Tap the System tab. Tap Clock, and then select the Alarms tab. Tap and select the day you want the alarm to sound. Double tap the time displayed on the extreme left to set a time for the alarm,
you are helpful, thank you so much.
Check calendar for Thursday at 2pm, if I'm free, please set a meeting with Mr Fox.
PDA: Read back what I put on my to-do list for this week?
open email
Can I know the breaking news from CNN?
Remove my dinner event for tomorrow.
you have done it correctly i appreciate it.
Who was the current prime minister of britain?
check email for <unk>
What time will my alarm go off today?
Is that song from shakira
Show me my emails from the past hour.
What was the last email from work
Can you play a song by Aerosmith?
Please remind me about the meeting with Julie at 5 pm this evening.
will you confirm that please.
Can you tell me how to get the answer to (specific question)?
Rate between these currencies
ask me an arithmetic question
hey, put carrots on that.
What is the time in the Pacific timezone?
Vacuum the dining room
Can you tell me who create you?
show johns office number
you have got the answer right.
I want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.
Turn on the vacuum now
yeap command was confirmed.
open terry's email
Tell me the names on the list.
Please play next episode of podcast.
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
Play podcast favorites.
Get me a car
Please turn up the lights in this room.
Did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends?
Tell me about it
How much is a train ticket to San Fransisco?
I want to finish listening to the book 1984 from where I left off.
please explain me on what you've said further.
Remove wyatt's birthday party on my calendar
When will team meeting start
Should I be concerned about the robot vacuum cleaner upon startup?
I like alt rock music.
Do I have a lunch date today?
Train to Athens. How to?
What can you tell me about the dance on Friday?
Describe what a virtual reality headset does
Take me to the most popular radio channel.
Yo PDA, what's the current time
please reply to the email
What are the news headlines?
wouldn't care.
Let's reply this email
I don't like this one
what is a snoodle
Time difference between UK and US
I had food as soon as I got up
uhh no, it was not what i was looking for.
Whay day does Easter fall on this year?
What is the meaning of placid?
What is the location of my work project meeting?
What is happening with Brexit today?
read mail
Compose a mail for jack
really wouldn't mind.
it was amazing, olly.
How bad is the traffic on Sunset Boulevard?
you helped a lot, thank you so much, olly.
appreciate your answer.
light up
What's the weather in Manila today?
yeap you understood my instructions exactly.
please have vacuum go for 1 hoir.
Olly, Do i need to bring a coat today?
Let me know the latest weather news
Add apahelp@yahoo.com in my contact list.
play a melody music
ask me easy questions about a subject I know and tell me when I'm wrong
it's exact.
Refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
Please tell me the background of celebrity X.
turn my kitchen lights off when i leave
Describe how a pump works
that is of no importance to me.
Give me the current trend on the stocks for Facebook and McDonalds.
espn
Search Nandy
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
what a wonderful song. can you save what i just said, for me?
I need oranges added to my grocery list.
What clothes store would you recommend here?
play radio!
find contact
Send email to Mom and wish her a happy birthday
I would like to listen to Pop music please
Other songs by this artist
excellent response to command.
I would like my PDA to be able to discuss topics to me that i am studying in class
Any events this weekend in Pondichery?
Olly, give me all ice cream shops within 2 miles
Brief me about my news feed stories
I really ska music.
no, let me say it again.
can you give me the train times to NYC
Add event to calendar app
Get news from FOX
Find the highest-rated recipe from FoodNetwork.com for a four-cheese omelette.
Please tell me about today's weather.
Show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
what are some local events.
save this event
PDA light off now
please let me know the time of train X
PDA please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
shit, i think wrong.
any junk mails
open remainder and find meeting time
no, i did not ask for it.
will you please explain me about this once again.
My Facebook update in every 3 hour should be available.
please be silent.
Do i need a jacket
what is the nearest vegan restaurant?
olly please can you just stop it.
would you do it again.
what is marketing
PDA, say a funny.
olly call an uber now
I would like to mute the speakers, please.
Which rom-com movie can I watch in theatres around New York
please further clarify me about what you've said.
delete from the calendar the next event
remind me of my meeting at 5:00pm
what do you mean.
message @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
set a reminder for james' party on the third
Give me a geographic fact about...
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do is....re:
Please play folk music.
explain it further please.
tell comcast I am still on hold
switch off the plug point
Add Bubbles birthday to March 15
PDA play my shazam playlist on the Spotify app
I have a new email address, can you send an email?
Arrange and play all songs of Eminem.
thank you very much for listening.
Olly help me remember to call Janice at 4pm
PDA please adjust the colors in my lights.
I need to play Sims
will you turn the alarm off for me?
Remove apple from list
send a reply to mike
play a genre of music
meeting reminder
could you please confirm details.
oh no, it was not what i am looking for.
Do you know any good jokes?
you gave me wrong information.
What's new in facebook
here is a new email address to be added to the contacts
Start cappuccino for me now.
please delete all of my calemdar events for the rest of the day
Can you please book train tickets for 2, for this Friday.
How's the weather going to be this week?
What are the stock prices of Target?
what is the square root of 97
PDA, change the color of my porch lights to green.
Can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
Please describe about microwave
Let me know later.
PDA does Mr Pizza deliver?
Define forensic
How many eggs do I need for an omelette?
qwetqwtwqt
you did awesome job,.
get answer right.
How is weather on such and such day.
Echo I added a new email address for Joe yesterday, will you find it please.
I have a meeting tomorrow at 2pm with John, put that in my calendar.
Convert CZK to euro
s2, i am unclear about what you said now.
new mail to mom
Read shopping list items.
Please, clean my shopping list
What is the geographical significance of India ?
would you check detail please.
cricket update
What is eighty seven minus fourteen?
Email to new contact.
Delete it
Alexa create a new shopping list.
hey reply a mail which i received
Create vacation list
last take away order
Add milk to my grocery list.
whats the exchange rates between USA and China
please add my next meeting
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
musch appreciated, it was wonderful.
Can you tell me what the time is right now?
Can you shuffle the light colors in the house?
Please cancel the next event on the calendar
display latest emails, Olly
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
would you please once again explain me about your words.
whats going on in cincinnati
shit, not correct response.
When is the last time I contacted John Smith.
olly i would like you just cancel it.
Who sells the cheapest netbooks in South Austin?
Can you turn down the lights by 20%?
Today I... (user begins speaking about day, this is logged by PDA)
thanks but that's not the right answer.
Show me my new emails.
play me a prambors radio when Gina and Desta broadcast
Encourage the students
Can you tweet Lifx about their app crashing?
how you will define religion
olly set the lights on blue
Open iHeartRadio, ROV The Rock.
what is rock?
Input a meeting with Jack for Tuesday.
I want to figure out the stock on microsoft
Turn off all the lights in the living room and den
tell me a dirty joke
when and where Monet's exhibition takes place?
Set a reminder for the meeting every Monday at 2pm
Can you tell me about the alarm called 'Bed'?
Play this audiobook for me.
Any breaking news from The Huffington Post?
i have set reminders
Tweet Target about how poorly their service was
i am sorry but i think this is not the correct response.
What is the title of this song?
could you please recommend a Mexican restaurant for take out?
Change the lights of the house to a blue hue.
when was <unk> born
Please put on an alarm for 8am
What is the current weather in New York city
Mute immediately..
Is Susan's birthday on March 1?
get me the details of lisa ann
Do I have a list of contacts for the party I'm planning
i think this is not correct.
tell me what is on my schedule for today
What day o the week is 21st
ah it's amazing.
it is confirmed.
tweet complaint to @
wait, you've understood me not right.
Where on earth has the most volcanos
3pm meeting tomorrow. Remind me 4 hours prior to that meeting.
what is the exact difference between the language of telugu and tamil
Olly, what bars are around me
i'd like to hear that message spoken again.
Add a new email address which is Starktony721@Gmail.com
Where is the nearest river?
dim the lights at the living room
again please.
Will there be sunset at 5:30 pm tomorrow.
Olly, do you have any local news?
I like top 20 music.
i'd like you cancel it.
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
Which was longest river in the world
Is it hot outside right now im Hawaii.
could you please help me in listening to the radio.
Remind me of my dentist appointment in two hours
i like you to confirm detail please.
what time is it in Sweden as we speak?
Change my calendar for today
you've done that right i appreciate it.
i think olly's command was wrong.
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'A' and create a list.
hey olly I saw a dog today
Let's play
Remove Thanks Giving event from my calendar
Where can I get a shot of tequila and some to-go Mexican food?
Open the phonebook and find the contact x(contact name)
i'd like you confirm details please.
put the song sung by shreya at the top
Where is the venue in which the marriage of Tom is going to takeplace
What voices has Alan Tudek played?
What are the latest crime statistics for my area
remove my early alarms
What did I get emailed about this week?
thanks to ally for the photos
olly please would you just stop it.
Turn the vibrate off from speaker
PDA book a train ticket for one, one way for this Tuesday at 9am.
This CandidateÔÇÖs Guide to the Practical Driving Assessment (PDA) has been prepared to help learner drivers develop the skills necessary to pass a PDA and become a safe driver.
s1, clarify me further on what you have said.
Who was the 25th president of the United States of America?
Check if I have mail from John?
Order a pizza
open weather
Create reminder for meeting in two hours.
Remove no. 3 alarm of list.
What are the names of all my saved lists
What time is it in Mountain Standard Time?
Play music on shuffle
Please set the alarm for 8pm Wednesday evening
order ribs for dinner
I am ready to hear the next episode of Podcast
Add Rebecca Green to my list of favorite contacts
Can you turn off the lights?
Olly, find a shop that sells beer
amazing response to command.
will you please confirm my last command.
What is my email from Steve about?
could you tell me that one more again please.
List me the newest articles from the New York Times.
Play NPR Podcast
Does Peking Garden take orders over the phone?
Down the valume
uh no, you didn't get what i was looking for.
I ate a blueberry muffin with milk for breakfast
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
Is it supposed to snow this week?
get it
What will the weather be like in Oklahoma City on Monday
send 'give the details asap' to john@gmail.com
Scratch item 3
Play the footloose song
Next podcast.
give me the time?
it is unimportant to me.
Olly, play me in a game of tic-tac-toe.
Look for channel 106.9 and play it
i could not catch that.
get me info on
let me know in two hours that I have to leave for my violin lesson that's at 4pm at MusicWorkz
i think this is not the right command.
Look up economy in the dictionary.
check the command.
Don't let me forget to buy a gift for my sister.
Brew me a cup of coffee
Can you add Name/Location to calendar?
Show me the next episode
play Billie Jean next
I want to play poker with you.
could you confirm what i just said please.
latest party events in city
tell me form whom I got the last email
wait, this is not the right command.
Can you play Katy Perry.
Is there anything happening in town this weekend?
it would be great if PDA can give you law consultations
Please, clean my calendar
would you please confirm details.
Does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
would not really mind.
Hi, you there
Show me information of today's cricket match
GIVE AN FULL DETAILS OF PDA'S
oh no, incorrect.
shit, not correct.
Order a large pepperoni pizza from Dominos, to go.
brighten up the lighting
PDA look up recipe and guide for this dish
remove item from list
find out the public holidays this month
on my to-dos remove mop kitchen
New tweet:
play fm
Today was a hard day.
i was unclear about last sentence.
is there any grocery nearby?
you did excellent job, thank you so much.
Olly, find me the latest news right now
Olly what activities are taking place in my area
KYA TUM MERE FRIEND KE PAAS EK EMAIL BHEJ SAKTE HO.
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
yeap perfect.
Prepare a reply email to Mark.
open the podcastaddict
do I have anything scheduled in my events
prepare email for susan
what's the time in China right now?
can you check and confirm the question please.
What can I do in Charlotte?
Add this email address to my contacts and send an email to brightlights123@bellsouth.net
Give me my social media update
you've done it right thanks.
Is it monday today?
could you confirm details.
Please tweet that DirecTv has horrible customer service.
Olly clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year.
Reply to Beth's email tomorrow by telling her I wont be late
Pause the music
remind me that I have to go see Hannah about our math project next Tuesday at 10pm
remind me of my meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am on Tuesday 7:00pm
Get rid of everything on my calendar
Turn off sound.
My favorite music please
Please paly for me Elvis Preley song again
Tweet consumer service that I am very disappointed with my recent interaction.
Show me the latest news from The Gaurdian
i don't mind for anything.
What is planned today?
sorry but i think you messed up.
it's good.
Update me on the Standing Rock protest.
Set first week of June as holiday in my calendar
The following question asks you to analyze teacher goals and actions intended
lets play battleship
Please continue with the next podcast episode
Definition of computer
send a reply email 'thank you very much' to john@gmail.com
please can you say the last again.
remind me about the party tomorow.
Was there any email regarding the wrong booking in SIA?
Open book
can you please check my last question.
I want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me?
Have you heard any good music lately
open twitter, send message
Delete the list.
Remove the last item
Can you put on the next I heart music radio show?
Cancel all appointments in my calendar.
Olly, book me a train ticket to Barcelona, please.
I had a good day today.
Do not wake me up on weekends.
Have my iroomba clean the house.
Please tell me about relationship
i need to hear that sentence again.
who sings that song?
i don't bother, olly.
i appreciate it, that's great job.
Alexa, please send an email to mom
check and confirm the last thing i said please.
goddammit.
Explain Photosynthesis
What day of the week does the 22nd fall on this Month?
Remind me at the start of each month.
FM 93.5 radio songs
Can you search trump
first play tvf podcast after that being humorous podcast
turn <unk> to green
sarasigmon123@gmail.com
Play todaysong from radio07
will you tell me one more time again.
Please tweet a complaint to Comcast for bad customer service.
play music by acdc
yeap affirmative.
famous person biographies
search if the restaurant does take out
What is the time?
I need to order some food from Papa John's.
Start radio and go to frequency on 92.7
do you like love song?
Record what happened today
Traffic
what is going on in politics
create reminder for laundry at 8pm
could you replay that.
produce a new register
how we can get credit
olly please could you cancel.
Please defined about social media.
PDA please start an email to Jesse.
retry what i've said please.
Internals
what is the plan to day
turn up the speakers
Exchange rate between dollar and Mexican peso
Which alarms are set in the phone?
art exhibitions in california
Please stop for a bit.
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
Olly, what do I have next to do
Please pull up the email that was sent this morning at 10am.
Clear my schedule for the month.
What are Converse shoes?
who sings this song
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
play ping pong
Can you please be muted for a while
PDA can you remind me to meet with Jesse next Saturday.
i want you to check and confirm the last thing i said please.
PDA, show list items
What will the weather be like for the next week?
have i made loss in which stocks
remind me of mondays meeting
anything is okay with me.
What is the biggest city in the world?
please will you say it again.
Show me all my commands.
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph?
Just schedule a meeting with my boss
Id like to get on the next train that will be departing Indianapolis headed to Chicago.
Show me all the emails received recently
I would like to hear the podcast from the website I was at earlier.
is today st. patricks day
tickets
Scratch that one from the list
s2, i don't quite catch that.
today I saw a bulldog
check my email please
clear data
what is the plan for a day
I would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
play the radio channel 93.25
tell me everything you know about sloths
Calendar event. send invite, Bill Malinda
what is the event name going in my area?
find me the best recipe for some american style fluffy packcakes
olly start the laundry
Read CNN headlines
what time is it right now?
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
audio start
thanks but i think you got me not correct.
Look up the current time in new york city.
I need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer.
New calendar entry, meeting
Put a record on
Play my rock playlist.
Will the snow stop before 7 am tomorrow?
Order 2 hamburgers for me.
I need to know all new news on the Houston Texans draft.
Read unchecked email
that's useful,, olly.
Please remove tomatoes from grocery list.
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of survey?
google translate
i was not so clear about your answers.
power down the plug socket 1.
is summer going on?
Does Peking Garden deliver?
Create a reminder for Visa application on this Thursday
What's the time?
Please indicate the opening price of fra stock
What plays are showing at the theatre?
What is a hierophant?
What is a good substitute for butter?
that's all, cancel.
play me a song
that's enough, cancel it.
Open up my sister's email from yesterday, click reply, and turn on voice activation for my response.
yes you got that exactly.
please tell me one more again.
Olly, how far is Canada from my current location?
that's cool, musch appreciated.
What are the train times to travel from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
Did the Yankees win last night?
My list please.
Play Magic run after 30 min.
put the item on the list
Remove the next event from calendar
yeap got that right.
15.02.17
Clear event from calendar and refresh.
Olly, resume 'The Two Towers'
you have done the task wrong.
What's the latest on the (specific topic)?
Echo I can't hear you can you say it again louder.
traffic please
PLEASE SET ALARM FOR ALL DAYS
Acquire latest news
i wouldn't mind to choose any one.
its very different
Will the weather be less than 10 degree in (Specific City) ?
What movies are playing at theatres near me
will you say again please.
well done,, olly.
Set an event for this Sunday and the next two Sundays that I have Yoga at 12:00 pm
it's useful, thank you so much.
uh no.
remove 'buying eggs' item from to do list
Play December holiday list
When did the USSR dissolve and the Soviet Union rise to power
Mute the audio
uhh no, i think not right response.
Set a reminder for the meeting Friday at 3 p.m.
Set an alarm for 6am
What is the latest news about Obamacare
put that song in my favourite list
best ticket price air/plane/bus to city x on date y
i need to set reminder on 15th march
Set an alarm for 9 AM.
tell me the time when 'punjab mail' will reach gwalior
Play MF Doom, anything.
Hi alexa,play me playlist of A R Rehman songs released current year.
Next play Atomsphere.
remind me when certain Marvel shows return to Netflix
Give me a list of lists.
uhh no, you have done task all wrong.
confirm the instruction.
How many eggs are on my grocery list?
what is the radius of the biggest crater on Earth?
Olly make my coffee
I emailed Conrad a week ago plesase remind me what I wrote
what is the best shop/restaurant around Angel
you didn't get it correctly.
How would I use formidable in a sentence?
Need to see volume settings
What is the recipe for chocolate chips?
which event is going on in my area?
Are there any new emails received after 4 o'clock today?
set alarm reminder for calendar
please reserve the next taxi a 9:00 AM
Siri, what time is it in San Diego?
Activate the robot and vacuum the floor.
save this song in my great songs category
Are there any new emails?
could you just cancel.
PDA please send a complaint tot someone
How cold is it outside?
Please begin clash of clans
The current news
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
Load a fun game that I can play with you.
Remind me at 8am tomorrow that I have a lunch meeting at noon in the conference room
Did I get any emails from Jack?
Would you go check my emails for me?
switch on/off light
replay it please.
place order to pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
today is?
Can I order out?
start vaccum
Save this song to playlist
minimize the lights
olly whats this playing right now
How do I deglaze a pan?
Give me the weather for the last five days.
Turn off the nearest light to me
Remind me to go to the library on Friday.
Am I booked for something?
got it exactly.
your words was not so clear.
s1, please clarify me more on that.
get train ticket
open alarm
What type of event?
decrease the volume
lets solve the puzzle
how do you make steel?
Olly, how would you describe the sun?
who delivers near here
olly call a uber in 30 minutes
what is the name of the singer?
Next episode in podcast
expectations
I would like it to be able to check if there was anyone else in the house.
Can you pull up the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired on Monday.
PDA please update list with new item
i think olly's command is incorrect.
Mark dad's retirement dinner for April fourth.
Set reminder for tomorrow for this item
any recent emails from Anna?
please turn off kitchen light
i couldn't quite catch that.
Delete all upcoming yoga sessions.
Set the alarm for five o'clock in the morning.
Tune into the Joe Rogan show in 10 minutes.
Update by telling it
'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25 make a note of it on the corresponding date.
How doespopulation play a role in a countries econonmy?
Please play radio
OLLY, SEND MOM AN EMAIL TO REMIND HER TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH TODAY
thank you for your answers, olly.
exact response to the command.
Delete the last list.
radio programm
Design the chemical compounds necesary to create sugar that doesn't cause diabetes or weight gain, but doesn't provide a chemcial taste.
Olly what's John's home phone number?
Play songs by Bryan Adams.
Michael Jackson family background.
Alexa, update the calendar with the last event removed
current date please
How much is 1000 USD in Indian Rupees?
PDA do you have a traffic update?
off all the lights on the right side
Remind me in the future of this
Clear up my calendar
oh no.
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG March event.
i would not mind, olly.
I need an alarm for <insert time> can you please set one for me
yes answer was amazing.
please will you shut off.
add this new email to my contacts
How far away is the nearest rest stop?
you are hero, thank you very much.
Remind me of my meeting on Wednesday at 9 am.
Within the past 3 months how many meeting did I have with Mr. Richards
I heard Alex just got married. Can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram?
Do I have any meetings next week?
thanks but i think it's not the right command.
call taxi
What are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese?
please repeat the last sentence said.
please will you check command.
Definition and use in sentence the word absolute.
what is the time now?
JLO fan updates
PDA, how do I set my coffee machine to make coffee?
you are hero,.
Overhead lights on, please.
Schedule an uber in 20 minutes to Tesco on 5th street
What time does *** start?
remind me please
PDA, what happened in Beirut this morning?
What are my current list.
Call vikki
Please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
how much is admission to the local museum
Hey Olly I like music by Sigur Ros
What is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
Wake me up every weekday at 7
yes that's right.
What is going on today in Biloxi
Let me listen to my Top Rock Songs playlist.
Is Elvis Presley still alive?
Set reminder to print the documents on Tuesday morning
When is my next reminder?
i appreciate it.
Do I have meeting with Steve this week?
Remove all scheduled events from the calendar.
when Indianapolis Express will reach Indiana.
Please check alarms
Add new email address and send email
Find all emails that contain the following subject.
Please, put radio in shuffle.
put on a pot of coffee
don't really know.
To listen music
Hey siri start a playlist of nine inch nails
When did Beyonce and Jay Z get married?
What is status of current weather.
thank you so much for your asssistance.
Please provide current time in India
What is the exchange rate between US dollars and yen?
it was cool, thank you so much.
What's the value of the Euro, relative to NZD
have no idea about which to choose, olly.
oh no, i did not ask for that.
Has Robert sent any new emails to me?
You should reply to the mail.
what you said was not so clear to me.
This alarm needs to be permanently silenced.
yeah you've done the command exactly.
Set the settings to mute
nope, i think that's not the right answer.
PLZ RAISE THE LIGHT, I AM NOT COMFORTABLE AT THIS.
can you read me my latest emails
COULD YOU PLEASE REMOVE MY CARD DETAILS FROM VALLET.
did you get instruction correctly?
Turn down the noise
s1, please would you clarify me further on your response.
Eliminate the list KICKBALL, but make sure the contacts remain.
Alexa change the radio station
set a reminder about todays faculty meeting at 4
Clear every single event from my entire calendar.
play the rock music for me
what is the latest email from xxx
will set alarm clock one hour before my next dentist appointment?
Turn on radio, talkSPORT.
set repeating event 'gym day' on calendar
thanks but that is not the right command.
play the latest games.
check and confirm the last thing i said.
Set the living room lights to red
Who built the Prado Museum?
will you check and confirm it.
Delete upcoming event
olly where can i get a pizza
What creates buttermilk?
How about playing a game of guess the word I'm thinking of?
Repeat Reminder for my schedule for Christmas
lets hear some groovy tunes
i was not so clear about that.
respond to the mail of ash in morning
Next week their is a show at the pub can you make a reminder
whats the scenery like in morocco
Give me the definition of the word armor
Change the colour to red
please tell me how cani remove the item
Suggest me a complaint for neptun.al
you did nice job, thank you very much.
put (will.i.am It's My Birthday) in next
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
Show me 1 week weather of mumbai
What topic is the most talked about today?
Reply to the email
please resume current song of masti
Send a notice to the me and a group members reminding us of the new date for the meeting.
Erase all my event in my calendar.
Which things should I do when I visit the Yellowstone National Park?
PDA how do i check my currency exchange rate
Play a game of Chess with me.
would you start over.
is there any alarm after 5 am
PDA: Whats going to be the forecast tomorrow for Outer Nowhereville?
What time is my dentist appointment on Monday?
Can you find me a train ticket to Montauk?
I need to add pasta and milk to the grocery list.
What are my lists
Can you please turn off the light of my bed room
I would like to place a call to amazon customer service
Find Me a nice restaurant for dinner
search for Gary McNamara in radio
Remind me of dinner with mom tonight on my calendar
it's dirty here, make some noise!
Turn on Hot 97.
Amazon deals
I want to here song x
Turn on the radio please.
Can you change the light colors into dark in the house?
tell me about rihana
Is there anything happening nearby?
A joke please
How many tornadoes have there been this month?
macy's forgot to ship 2 of my items. Inform them.
can you tell me what date it is
What is the interval of train departures in Chicago?
olly that's enough, cancel.
Start a cup of coffee for me.
Please play radio station 100.3 right now.
I'd like to send a reply.
what is the distance from some particular place
PDA name: post my latest entry to twitter @nsa
that's great work.
nope, i think you had it not correct.
oh no, you did task all wrong.
Skip to next podcast
Alexa, exchange rate for converting 1000 dollar to euro?
can i have podcast of tvf
please will you check last thing said.
list todo
Start the radio Olly.
How long is the Nile river?
What meetings do i have next thursday?
any one will be fine.
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY TEMPLE RUN GAME FOR ME.
Is country better today or 10 years ago?
Delete lunch with Michael
May I know what is trending in twitter?
yeah right response to command.
What is trending in tech today?
Is it going to warm up soon?
would you elaborate me on what you've said once again.
write a thought of the day on facebook
Olly, set a reminder for my meeting today.
olly please would you shut down.
please explain me on it once again.
hey siri play the radio
yeah answer was great.
Add Mike and Jack to festival calender
can you post my business on facebook
Please find today's stock prices for Samsung company.
you are helpful,, olly.
the command was confirmed.
ah it's awesome, olly.
What's on my calendar tomorrow?
What's EUR USD right now?
